Service. Businesses that do not produce goods but provide such services as freight handling, dry cleaning, banking, warehousing, and equipment rental are known as service businesses. These businesses provide the majority of jobs in today's economy. Manufacturing activities involve turning raw materials into usable products. Agricultural activities include growing food crops, raising animals, and harvesting timber. Mining activities involve extracting minerals and precious metals from the earth.
Standard of living. Standard of living is the way, or manner, in which people live. It is usually measured by the quantity and quality of the goods and services that people own and use. Our marketing system has given the United States one of the highest standards of living in the world. Community relations refers to a company's involvement or relationship with the community. Family ties are intrafamily relationships. A planned economy is an economic system in which the government makes all the decisions.
Vendor. A vendor is a supplier of goods or services. Jane orders her goods from a vendor. Jane is a type of business known as a retailer who purchases merchandise from manufacturers or wholesalers and resells it in small quantities to consumers. A trade mission is a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by a government to inform exporters about foreign markets. A craft union is a union made up of workers with a particular skill.
$3,375. Cash flow is calculated by subtracting total cash paid out from total cash receipts. Total cash receipts are all of the sources of business income, and total cash paid out is all of the business's payments which include operating expenses and cost of goods sold. The cost of goods sold category includes purchases of inventory and raw materials. To calculate cash flow, add the cost of purchasing inventory and raw materials and operating expenses ($3,425 + $1,700 + $1,250 = $6,375). Then, subtract this figure from total cash receipts ($9,750 - $6,375 = $3,375).
$7,200. A business determines the amount of cash it will have available to spend each month by adding its total cash receipts to its beginning cash balance ($4,900 + $2,300 = $7,200). Cash payments are the money that a business spends. When preparing a cash flow statement, a business first calculates total cash available before subtracting cash payments to determine the ending cash balance.
Managers. Managers who oversee the entire company are usually referred to as top management. Workers are the employees who do the physical and/or mental work necessary to produce goods and services. Investors are individuals or businesses that put money into a business, usually by buying stock or a share of the business.
$473,600. When developing a budget, a business organizes its budget information by creating categories. One category is expenses which includes salaries and wages. Businesses need to budget the amount of money they need to pay their employees for a period of time such as a year. To calculate the amount to budget, determine the salary paid to full-time employees by multiplying the annual salary by the number of employees ($36,000 x 12 = $432,000). Calculate the wages for part-time employees by multiplying the hourly wage by the number of hours per week and then by the number of employees, and finally by the number of weeks in a year ($8 x 20 = $160 x 5 = $800 x 52 = $41,600). Add the two totals to determine the amount to budget ($432,000 + $41,600 = $473,600).
Disciplining a whistle-blower. A whistle-blower is an employee who informs on a company that is doing something wrong or harmful. In most cases, the employee tells an agency that has the authority to make the company change its ways. An example is an employee reporting a safety hazard to an agency that can make the company correct the problem, pay a fine, or both. If businesses take disciplinary action against a whistle-blower, they are being unethical because the employee has the right to report wrongdoing. Unethical discipline might include giving the employee bad performance ratings that are not appropriate or denying promotions that have been earned. Ethical businesses try to treat all employees equally and not punish those who point out problems. Downsizing the workforce is ethical if handled correctly and often occurs when the economy is slow. Businesses are not required to offer part-time positions. Monitoring the use of supplies is a routine business activity.
Corporation. Corporation ownership permits ownership by simply buying shares of stock. Sole proprietorship is a form of ownership that requires owner participation. General partnership is designed to combine the capital, experience, and abilities of two or more people. Close corporations do not offer their shares for sale to the general public.
Ordinary life. Ordinary life is a type of life insurance that pays benefits on the death of the policyholder. It also provides a savings and investment program at current market rates and has cash value. Term is a form of life insurance that covers a specific number of years. Homeowner's insurance protects property owners from damage to their property. It usually includes liability insurance which protects the homeowner if someone else is injured on or by their property.
Fire. If flammable materials come in contact with extreme heat, there is a danger of starting a fire. Electrical hazards such as a short can be caused by frayed electrical cords with exposed wires, overloaded electrical outlets, and electrical appliances that could come in contact with water. A shock can result from human contact with a live electrical circuit. Housekeeping hazards include poorly stacked boxes of merchandise, things left on the floor, and spilled liquids.
Consideration. In order for a contract to be legally binding, something of value must be exchanged. In this case, the rent is being exchanged for space. Agreement requires an offer be made by one party and accepted by the second party. Competent parties requires those entering a contract to be of legal age and to meet other criteria. Legality refers to the terms of the offer being within the law.
OSHA. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is the governmental agency in charge of workers' safety. The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) protects consumers from defective products. The Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) protects investors from deceptive practices. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) enforces the Clayton and Sherman Antitrust Acts, along with investigating deceptive and misleading business practices.
World Trade Organization. The World Trade Organization makes the rules governing international trade and is the successor to the GATT. The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) was an international trade agreement designed to open markets and promote global free trade. The European Union is the European trading bloc that promotes economic development and free trade among the member European nations. The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is a trade agreement between Canada, Mexico, and the United States to lower trade barriers.
Goods sold to the final user. Sales tax is levied on goods sold to the final user. Sales tax is usually not levied on services such as shipping and handling. Sales tax is not levied on COD charges.
Conduct. Conduct is the way a person acts or behaves. Laws are rules that provide a person with guidance about appropriate behavior. Without laws, some people might behave in dangerous or unethical ways. A person who is caught breaking a law can be subject to punishment (e.g., fine, employment dismissal, prison sentence). Opinions and ideas are a person's thoughts that are generated in the mind. Because people think differently and ideas are often subjective, laws do not necessarily provide them with a model for appropriate thinking. Language refers to the way a person presents verbal or written information.
Restatements of Law. A primary source of law provides the foundation for societal rules.  Secondary sources of law provide assistance when interpreting the laws. The American Law Institute developed the Restatements of Law to help lawyers and judges interpret the law, therefore, it is a secondary source. The U.S. Constitution and federal court opinions are examples of primary sources of law. The U.S. Congress is the legislative branch of government that makes laws.
Believes his/her rights have been violated. A civil lawsuit is a personal complaint in which one party believes that another party has violated his/her rights by acting in a negligent way. For example, a person who is injured in an accident might file a lawsuit against the person who caused the accident. A statutory law is a written regulation that is approved by a governing body. When a person breaks his/her own code of ethics, s/he doesn't necessarily file a civil lawsuit against someone else. An appeal is an action in which a defendant requests that another court review a previous court's decision as it relates to his/her case.
Grand. A grand jury convenes to review the evidence and information about a situation or case. If the grand jury determines that enough evidence exists to prosecute a person for a crime, then the defendant is charged with the crime. The trial jury consists of selected citizens that listen to evidence and determine the defendant's guilt or innocence. Discovery and preliminary are not terms commonly used to describe a type of jury.
Small claims. Small claims courts usually handle civil cases that involve the settlement of minor damages, usually no more than $5,000. Federal appellate courts preside over appealed cases involving federal questions, the diversity of citizenships, or those in which the U.S. is a party (defendant, plaintiff). The state supreme courts hear cases related to state issues and do not generally make decisions in cases involving low damage amounts. Probate courts deal primarily with cases involving wills and estates.
Federal district. The U.S. federal court district hears cases that involve a federal question, the diversity of citizenship, or those in which the U.S. is a party (defendant, plaintiff). Since the U.S. government is the plaintiff that is accusing the defendant (company president) of insider trading, the federal district court presides over the case. State supreme courts and state appellate courts hear cases involving state matters, rather than federal ones. Probate courts deal primarily with cases involving wills and estates.
Probation. Probation allows a person to remain in the community but must report his/her activities to a court-appointed officer. Because of overcrowding in the prison system, probation is an alternative punishment for people who do not pose a significant threat to the community. A judge might require a person to perform community service as part of a punishment in conjunction with probation. Volunteer work occurs when a person performs activities based on his/her free will. If necessary, drug testing might be a requirement of probation. An employer dismisses or fires its employees, not a court of law.
A well-known actor files a lawsuit against a publishing company with charges of libel. Tort is the deliberate or unintentional act of wrongful or negligent behavior that is inflicted upon another person. In tort cases, the plaintiff can sue the negligent party (defendant) for personal damages. When a publishing company writes untrue statements about someone, the company is engaging in the unlawful act of libel. A person's (actor) reputation and credibility can be damaged when a company (publisher) makes untrue statements about him/her. A judge imposing a sentence, a motorist paying a parking ticket, and a public official paying a fine and serving a jail sentence are examples of legal actions related to criminal activities, rather than tort.
Care. Under common law, people are required to behave in a socially acceptable and responsible manner. This is called a person's duty of (due) care. Responsible behavior includes exhibiting behavior that does not cause harm. For example, a person who drives at a very high speed in a residential neighborhood is not following the basic duty of care. Empathy, control, and ethics are not widely recognized terms that describe basic tort duties.
Medical bills. A person who is injured while on a business's property can file a lawsuit against the business when the business exhibits negligence. In the example, the Pizza Palace does not exhibit reasonable and responsible behavior because it fails to clear ice from the parking lot, making it dangerous for customers. Usually, when a plaintiff (injured party) sues a business (Pizza Palace), s/he is requesting monetary restitution to cover medical bills that are associated with the injury. Sometimes, a defendant is required to pay for additional damages to the plaintiff, such as lost wages resulting from the injury.  Usually, a business that is involved in a tort lawsuit is not required to pay for the plaintiff's property liens, inheritance taxes, or traffic fines.  
Judges often make decisions for cases that involve oral contracts between two parties. A contract is an agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. Although it is in the best interest of both parties to document a contractual agreement in writing, it is not always done. Therefore, judges must often make decisions involving oral contracts. Arbitration occurs when a third party makes a final decision regarding a dispute and each party agrees to abide by the decision. Legal decisions (e.g., implied contract disputes) are made by the court system. Contingency contracts usually consist of specific stipulations for certain conditions and tend to be narrow in scope.  
Yes, if the minor's parent cosigns a contractual agreement to purchase the car. To enforce a contract, a judge must find that each party has the capacity to perform or carry out an agreement. Minors can enter into contracts, but are subject to limited capacity. This means that minors can void the agreement without personal penalty.  However, if the minor's parent cosigns the contract, the agreement can be enforced because the consigner is still legally bound to adhere to the contract. Contractual capacity refers to the level or ability a person has to enter a contract.  Contractual capacity does not prevent contract breaches from occurring. A business or another adult does not have the option to void a contract with a minor.
Mutual consideration. A contract is an agreement between two or more people stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Contract disputes can occur when one or both parties are not clear about the other party's expectations. Court judges who make decisions about contract disputes often consider if the contract is beneficial to both parties, or contains mutual consideration. Precedent refers to court decisions that are made on the basis of previous, similar court decisions. Jurisdiction is the level of authority that a particular court has to try cases. Due process refers to the concept that everyone is entitled to a fair hearing or trial.  
Parol evidence rule. Two parties often have verbal discussions about specific points of a written contract before and after signing it. When the verbal discussions differ from the written contract terms, disputes often occur. The parol evidence rule provides judges with guidance in resolving this type of issue. The rule states that verbal agreements that occur before the signing of the written document cannot be used to contradict the written agreement. It also states that oral modifications that occur after signing a written contract are factors that the judge can consider, unless the written contract states otherwise.  Commercial disparagement, proximity of disclosure, and express claim provision are not terms widely used to describe the legal issues relating to oral and written contract disputes. 
Fiduciary. An agent is someone who acts on the behalf of another party. The agent often negotiates contracts and handles legal issues for another person with that person's consent. The agent who shows that s/he is loyal, trustworthy, and acting in the best interest of his/her client (principal) is fostering a fiduciary relationship. Authoritative relationships are based on a particular level of control.  Principal is a legal term that describes the client. Legislative processes involve the procedures in which people or governments establish laws.
Principal. In the legal system, an agent is a person who acts on the behalf of his/her client. The client is called the principal. A defendant is a person who is charged with a tort or crime. Opposition refers to the other party involved in a contract or dispute. A consultant is an advisor.
Losing their jobs for reporting their employers' wrongdoing. A whistle-blower is a worker who reports his/her employer's unlawful activities to a government agency or to a media outlet. Some governments have laws that protect whistle-blowers from retaliation (e.g., demotion, dismissal) from their employers.  Whistle-blowing legislation does not protect workers from all child-care liability issues, bankruptcy, or property liens.
Jurisdiction. Jurisdiction refers to the authority that a court system has to decide legal disputes. 
E-commerce allows a company to conduct business transactions quickly and efficiently. Because different states, principalities, regions, and countries have different laws and legal procedures, it is often difficult to determine who has the authority to resolve disputes that relate to e-commerce. Presence is the physical location of someone or something. Precedent occurs when a legal decision is based on a legal decision from a previous case that is similar in nature. A resolution is an outcome or decision.
Meta tags. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages.  When Internet users access search engines, they type key words into the search field to find the information for which they are looking. Infringement problems occur when the meta tag associates one entity with another person or business without their permission. An endorsement is a written or verbal approval by a reputable external source. An autoresponder is a computer program that automatically returns a specified message to anyone who e-mailed a particular address. Opt-in e-mail is an electronic promotional message that is sent with a recipient's permission and allows the recipient to request removal from the subscriber list at any time.
Review the other company's polices about linking terms and conditions of use.  A link is a function that transfers a web user to a specific page or place on the Web. Businesses often use links to connect a web user to another organization's web site. Legal problems might occur if the business engages in copyright or trademark infringement or violates a company's deep linking policies. To prevent legal disputes, it is a good idea for a business to review the other company's linking policies before adding a link to its own web site. Web-linking permits are not distributed by an international agency. Estate attorneys do not generally develop contracts for Internet businesses. A product disclaimer does not relieve a business of copyright infringement liability.
Evidence. Evidence is something tangible that proves or backs up a fact in a trial. If an e-mail message clearly associates a person with a business crime, is obtained in a legal manner, and meets the necessary criteria (e.g., authentic), it can be used as evidence in a trial. Hearsay is usually inadmissible (unusable) in court because it involves statements that are made about another person. Testimony refers to the answers a witness gives under oath during a trial. Perjury occurs when a witness lies during his/her testimony.
Yes, when proof shows that two or more people share profits, a relationship may exist under the partnership by implication provision. In some countries (e.g., United States), a legal provision states that involuntary partnerships can exist in certain situations (e.g., the ongoing sharing of profits) without legal documents to acknowledge the partnership. The partnership by implication provision is valid when two or more people are involved, rather than three or more people. Documents such as bank statements and correspondence can prove that a partnership relationship exists even though the partners may file separate income tax reports. Although circumstances depend on the physical location of the partnership, most general partnerships are not required to file the articles of partnership form.
Price fixing. Price fixing is an illegal business agreement in which competing businesses agree on prices of their products, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Pricing fixing also keeps smaller businesses from being able to compete with those businesses that engage in the illegal activity. Therefore, the antitrust laws not only protect consumers, they also protect other businesses from being unfairly pushed out of the market. Monopoly refers to a condition in which one supplier controls a market and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. Antitrust laws are in place to protect consumers and businesses from monopolistic activities; however, the term equitable monopoly is not one that is widely recognized in the business law field. International trade and sponsorship exploitation are not illegal activities that are usually regulated by antitrust laws.
Intangible. Intangible is something that is not capable of being detected through the senses. Intellectual property refers to ideas or formulas that a person develops, which cannot be detected through the senses. Ideas often become concrete items (e.g., books, logos). Copyrights, patents, and trademarks are legal solutions to protect intellectual property from being stolen or misused. Physical items (e.g., food) are tangible. Since intellectual property is not concrete, it does not have the physical properties of inflexibility (rigidity) or elasticity (flexibility).
Image. A trademark prevents others from using a symbol, design, or work that is used by a producer to identify a good or service. A logo (e.g., Nike swoosh) is used to convey a certain image and create brand awareness in the marketplace. By registering a symbol or design with the government, a business legally owns the symbol or design. Trademarks discourage others from using the symbol or design because unauthorized users can be prosecuted. Copyrights protect a business's information (e.g., formulas, literature, music).  Patents protect inventions. Utility refers to usefulness. A business can apply for a utility patent for a process that improves or increases a business's usefulness. 
Resource allocation. Resources are the things that are used to produce goods and services and to run a business. Business resources might include money, raw materials, personnel, and vendors. A business that has legal problems often moves, and uses its resources in other ways. For example, a business might reallocate some of its profits to pay for lawyers. Or, employees might take time away from their jobs to testify on the company's behalf. A distribution channel is the route a product takes to reach the end user. A distribution channel is one of a business's resources and is not always affected by a company's legal issues. Property value is the amount of money that something (e.g., land, equipment) is worth. Purchasing procedures are the guidelines a business uses to buy goods and services. Property values and purchasing procedures are not always primary business components that are affected by a company's legal problems.
Voir dire. The step in the legal process that involves selecting jurors for a trial is called voir dire. During voir dire, the plaintiff's and defendant's attorneys ask the potential jurors questions. The questions are considered to determine if the jurors can follow the court's rules and don't have preconceived ideas (bias) about the issues or people involved in the trial.  Peremptory challenge is an element of voir dire. It occurs when one attorney excuses a potential juror because s/he does not feel that the juror can be objective during the trial. Cross-examination occurs when an attorney engages in defense questioning of a witness. A litmus test refers to questioning used by governing bodies to determine a political candidate's opinions about a particular issue.  
Arraignment. The arraignment is when a defendant formally hears and responds to the crimes with which s/he is charged. During the arraignment process, the defendant can enter a plea of not guilty, guilty, or no contest. An indictment occurs when a grand jury determines that there is enough evidence that a crime occurred. Pretrial conference involves preparing for trial activities and occurs after the arraignment. When a defendant appeals a court decision, s/he requests that the appellate court review the trial court's decision.
Injunction. A non-compete contract is an agreement between an employee and his/her employer stating that s/he will not work for a competitor if the employee leaves the company or is fired. If a court decides that the contract is valid and must be upheld, an injunction is issued. An injunction is a court order that states that a defendant must stop engaging in a specific activity (e.g., sharing information with a business's competitor). Mediation is a process in which a third party helps two disputing parties reach a mutually satisfying outcome. Negotiation is the process of persuading or influencing someone to take a certain course of action in order to achieve a desired outcome. Arbitration is a process in which a third party makes a decision about a dispute between two other parties.
Mitigate. The duty to mitigate means that a plaintiff must be able to show that s/he has taken action to resolve problems or avoid damages with the other party.  For example, a judge might ask the plaintiff to provide documentation (e.g. sales receipts, reports, letters) to prove that the contract has caused financial loss due to the inaction of the other party.  Relay, corroborate, and disclose are not terms widely used to describe a plaintiff's duty to prove that a breach of contract has occurred.
Attorney-client privilege.  In the legal system, attorneys must act in the best interest of their clients. Anything that a client says to his/her attorney in private cannot be disclosed to others. This is called the attorney-client privilege. Petition of discretion, implied privacy act, and practice of judicial classification are not terms commonly used to describe confidential exchanges between a lawyer and his/her client.
Commercial. A contract is an agreement between two parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Written laws that regulate business activities and transactions (e.g., contracts) are called commercial laws. Honorary is not a term widely used to describe a type of law that regulates sales contracts. Interstate refers to activities that occur between two states or providences. Bilateral is a type of contract. 
As is. Under tort law in many states, disclaimers (e.g., as is) that attempt to relieve a seller of product liability or warranty responsibility are not valid or recognized. Therefore, a seller of a product can be held liable for product malfunction when the product holds an "as is" disclaimer. A product that is "not returnable" does not necessarily mean that the seller does not accept product liability (e.g., warranty). Products that are marked "inspected by" or "checked by" show the customer that the items have met quality assurances and standards.
Federal Communications Commission. Because telemarketing is done over the telephone, it is regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The FCC is a government regulatory agency that grants licenses to radio and television stations and regulates interstate telephone and telegraph rates and services. The Federal Trade Commission is a government regulatory agency that administers and enforces antitrust laws to prevent price fixing and to prohibit unfair competitive practices. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is a federal regulatory agency that sets and enforces safety standards for various kinds of consumer products. A Public Utilities Commission is a group of individuals appointed to oversee the activities of natural monopolies such as gas and electric companies.
New personnel regulations. Most businesses prepare a variety of internal reports that are intended to inform employees about changes in policies and procedures. These internal reports often explain new personnel regulations. If employees analyze the reports, they will be able to understand and comply with the new personnel policies and procedures. Businesses do not share customer profiles with all employees. Internal business reports concerning policies and procedures usually do not explain industry research data or former local competitors.
Project the image of the business. The way in which employees handle telephone calls projects the image of the business and its level of service. Handling calls in a businesslike manner can increase business. Using professional telephone techniques includes making the caller feel important, and not trying to be important. Being businesslike may enable employees to handle a great many calls or to qualify for promotion, but these are not primary objectives.
Identify the customer's needs. Before a presentation can be developed, the speaker must understand the needs of the audience. Persuasion is an action in which change is a desired outcome. The message should indicate how the change will meet unfulfilled needs. Once the customer's needs are identified, the presenter can use persuasive techniques such as appealing to emotions and creating a desire for the product to support the message. It is at this time that the message sender considers reactions or barriers to the message.
Progress. A progress report is usually prepared to let management know whether a project is on schedule. A credit report concerns the credit standing of a credit applicant. An analytical report is a longer report that not only presents data but analyzes the data and presents the results. A message report is a memo containing a message for an employee.
To provide an answer to a problem. Proposals are intended to answer questions or provide recommendations to solve problems. Businesses often ask employees to research a particular situation or problem. After employees investigate and gather information, they write proposals that explain the problem and the solutions. The proposal is intended to persuade the business to follow the recommendations. Progress reports often explain the progress of projects or share information with coworkers. Laboratory reports are intended to explain the discovery of a new technique.
Explain that you can't discuss it. In most companies, salary information is confidential and should not be discussed. Disclosing confidential information could cause an employee to be reprimanded or fired. Employees who work with such information should not answer questions about it or offer to provide it to others. It would be overreacting to report those who ask unless the questions are repeated and create problems.
Clarity. Clarity means information is expressed clearly so that it can easily be understood. Specific job instructions should be perfectly clear so that the employee understands exactly what is expected. Enthusiasm is appropriate in efforts to motivate employees but may detract from task instruction. Conciseness would mean communicating in as few words as possible, which might not explain the job thoroughly. Body language communicates emotions, not factual information.
Ethical. Satisfied customers often tell employees that they are pleased with a good or service. When this happens, it is ethical to ask the customer to pass on that information to management. Favorable comments from customers carry more weight than information provided by employees. In most cases, satisfied customers are willing to write a short letter or make a phone call expressing their satisfaction. Employees who ask customers to do so are behaving ethically because they are simply asking customers to be truthful. Politely asking customers to pass on favorable information is not an example of aggressive, questionable, or unfair behavior. This practice is common in business and intended to let management know that employees are performing effectively.
The supplier employs full-line forcing without allowing competing products. The practice of full-line forcing by a supplier is designed to ensure that intermediaries acquire new products and make available to customers a suitable range of products. Suppliers requiring channel members to purchase their entire line to obtain any of their products is a type of tying agreement and is legal as long as competitive brands are also allowed to be carried. Tying agreements are legal when the supplier alone can provide the products and when a company has just entered the market.
Ethical business practices. Studies have shown a strong relationship between customer satisfaction and a company's ethical behavior. Building customer loyalty gives a business a competitive advantage and is profitable. Taking care of employees tends to encourage employees to take care of business. Paying higher wages is not the only requirement for employee commitment. Pricing strategies can ensure profit but have little impact on employee commitment and customer loyalty. Customer satisfaction, employee contentment, and profit are not directly linked to automated distribution centers.
$309.19. When distributors prepare invoices for businesses, they list the quantity, unit price, and total. In this situation, there are 20 cases at $4.75 per case for a total of $95 ($4.75 x 20 = $95) and 35 cases at $6.30 per case for a total of $220.50. Add the two totals ($95.00 + $220.50 = $315.50), and multiply that figure by 2% to determine the amount of discount ($315.50 x 2% or .02 = $6.31). Subtract the discount from the total to determine the amount of the invoice ($315.50 - $6.31 = $309.19).
Economic service. An economic service is a productive act that satisfies economic wants. Goods are tangible objects that can be manufactured for resale. A natural resource is any resource found in nature that is used to produce goods and services.
Form. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer. The producer of clothing creates form utility by making lengths of fabric into clothing that consumers can buy and wear. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers.
The actual price that prevails at a given time. Market price is the actual price that prevails in a market at any particular moment. This may or may not be the highest price consumers will pay or the price producers prefer to charge. The price that equalizes supply and demand is equilibrium price.
Government. Government provides goods and services we all use but businesses could not afford to build and maintain without help. A local contractor is a type of business. Natural resources are those resources that are provided by nature. Some parks are natural resources that are maintained by government.
Bonuses. A bonus is an extra payment over and above salary given to an employee as a reward or incentive. Many businesses reward employees for efficient work habits through monetary bonuses and other rewards. Employees who work efficiently usually save money for the business, which in turn increases profits. A premium is an item a business offers free to the purchaser of a particular product. Quotas are specific goals to be met. Rebates are a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service.
Development of new products. Competition encourages businesses to develop new products in order to meet consumers' needs. Businesses feel that the company which best satisfies consumers will be the most successful company. Competition helps to control prices because businesses must keep prices in line with production costs in order to be competitive. Businesses must also maintain or improve product quality to be competitive. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. No competition exists in a true monopoly.
They set their own pace. High-depth jobs usually allow decision making, have only general guidelines, and allow employees to set their own pace. Jobs have high depth if they encourage independent thinking and self-regulation. Jobs with low depth have strict guidelines and do not allow employees to make many decisions. Performing only one task is a feature of job scope.
Craft/Trade. In craft/trade unions, members all have essentially the same skill. Airline piloting, carpentry, plumbing, bricklaying, painting, and welding are all examples of occupations in which employees are usually organized into craft/trade unions. An industrial union is made up of all classes of workers within a given industry. An independent union is any union that does not belong to or is not affiliated with a national union.
Negative. The law of diminishing returns states that if all the factors of production remain the same except one, additions to the one variable factor will eventually decrease the level of productivity. If a business adds too many workers, the level of productivity will decrease and may even become negative if those workers do not have sufficient resources to function properly. A business with too many workers may end up spending more money to produce products than the products generate in income. At that point, the marginal product turns negative. The addition of too many workers does not cause the marginal product to turn upward or positive. Workers are a variable factor in production over which a business has control.
Purchasing power decreases. When the inflation rate is higher than the percent of raise that employees receive, the purchasing power of those employees decreases. This has a negative effect on the economy because the higher inflation rate means higher prices for goods and services. Although the employees received a raise, the raise was not equal to the rate of inflation, so employees actually lost purchasing power. They have more money to spend, but the goods and services they want cost more than their pay increase. The employees' take-home pay increases although it will not buy the same level of goods and services because of the higher inflation rate. When inflation is high, interest rates usually increase. A small rise in inflation will not necessarily affect employment levels.
Fewer job. A trade deficit decreases the gross domestic product, which reflects the health of a nation's economy. A large trade deficit often leads to a lower standard of living and fewer job opportunities because the nation is importing more than it exports. A large trade deficit indicates a significant decrease in exports, an increase in imports, and less trade in general.
Finance charges. Finance charges are the interest charged on credit accounts which are not paid in full at the end of each month. Discounts are cash deductions which are often provided as an incentive for early payment of an account. Fidelity bonds are a type of insurance that protects businesses from losses due to employee theft. A rebate is a return of part of the price a customer pays for a good or service, usually offered by the manufacturer of the good.
No, businesses should not undertake any nonresearch activities involving data collected. Researchers must not undertake any nonresearch activities such as database marketing involving data about individuals that will be used for direct marketing or promotional activities. Such activities must be organized and carried out in a manner clearly differentiated from research activities. Databases contain reliable information. Consumers expect such information to be used for research rather than advertising. The company should use the information only as intended.
Acquire foreign language skills. The workplace is becoming more global and multinational. In order to be successful, businesspeople need to develop their sensitivity to other cultures and traditions. One way that they can do this is to acquire foreign language skills. By learning something about the language of their customers or coworkers, they will develop an understanding of the foreign culture and become more sensitive to, and understanding of, the differences. Businesspeople do not develop cultural sensitivity by revising research techniques, maintaining current leadership styles, or preserving communication methods. In fact, businesspeople may need to revise their style of leadership and change the way they communicate in order to develop cultural sensitivity.
Information. Businesses often need a great deal of information in order to make good decisions. Instead of expecting one employee to gather all the information needed, businesses use teams. Teams bring together employees with different kinds of knowledge, experience, skills, and strengths. Using teams often takes more time than if an individual made a quick decision. Using teams is not a way to obtain capital or materials.
Reduced complaints. Handling complaints costs businesses money because of the time involved, the possible loss of business, and refunds to customers. Customers who receive excellent service are less likely to have complaints. Rapid employee turnover, increased costs, and decreased employee morale are not benefits to businesses.
To identify problems. Businesses improve their relations with customers by keeping in touch after the sale to identify problems and provide needed service. By following up with customers, businesses let customers know they are important and that the business will do what is necessary to keep them as customers. Customers appreciate it when a business contacts them to make sure they are satisfied with a good or service and often become loyal, return customers. A business might develop a questionnaire in order to obtain feedback from customers. Following up with customers does not involve asking for referrals or preparing testimonials.
Suspicious. Suspicious customers may become regular customers if the salesperson can gain their confidence and trust. Disagreeable customers are often surprised and calmed by salespeople who are composed, courteous, and efficient. Domineering/Superior customers should be made to feel important and in charge which will help them to convince or sell themselves. Slow/Methodical customers may need more action on the salesperson's part in order to close within a reasonable period of time.
Refusing to accept personal checks. Company policies and procedures are established in order to effectively run the business. Customers often complain about policies and procedures with which they disagree. An example would be a company's refusal to accept personal checks as payment. Providing insufficient product information or unsatisfactory service are employee-related complaints. Selling a defective product is a product-related complaint.
Personnel records. Businesses are required to maintain a variety of personnel records, some of which deal with salaries paid to employees. Most employees have funds deducted from their salaries to cover their share of the cost of health coverage and pension plans or to participate in a company stock program. These deductions have an effect on the amount of income tax that the employees are required to pay. Businesses keep records of the salaries and deductions to verify the amount the employees contributed and to explain the deductions if necessary. Information about employees' salaries and deductions are not maintained in a business's accounting system, operating budget, or expense reports.
Sponsor. The sponsor method of orientation and training involves current employees who volunteer or are asked to be of assistance to the new employee. Sponsors provide job information, advice, and other kinds of job-related help. An apprentice or a trainee is a worker who is learning a job. A manager performs management functions and probably would be the one to ask an employee to help orient a new employee.
Money, time, and audience. The constraints of money and time determine what resources and facilities will be used. The content of the program affects the choice of instructional methods. The audience should determine the content to be included and the depth to which the content will be discussed.
Providing training programs. Companies often operate ongoing training programs in order to keep their employees' skills up to date. Employees with updated skills are better able to do their jobs effectively and to support the primary business activities of management, marketing, accounting, and production. Companies develop training programs in order to improve productivity and job performance, not to spend excess operating funds, provide jobs for unemployed teachers, or generate goodwill in the community.
Assessment. A needs assessment is the process of identifying and prioritizing training and development needs. There are several needs-assessment methods from which a business can choose. Implementation is the process of doing or taking action, e.g. establishing a training program. Coaching is an on-the-job instructional method in which a manager or supervisor is assigned a "coach" to set goals, give assistance in reaching goals, and provide ongoing feedback. Simulation is a representation of a real-life situation.
Preventive discipline and corrective discipline. Preventive discipline involves managing people in a certain way so that behaviors which would require discipline are prevented. Corrective discipline is used to discourage further violations after infractions have already occurred. Remediation is the umbrella term which includes both forms of disciplinary action. Corrective counseling is a discussion of an infraction and may be used as part of the corrective discipline process. Peer counseling involves persons on an equal level. It may also be used to change negative behaviors. Supervisory discipline refers to the level of the employee being disciplined.
$195. Employees should obtain permission before using company equipment, such as the copy machine, for personal use in order to help control expenses. Over a period of time, personal use of the company copy machine costs the business money because it must buy the paper and toner and pay for necessary repairs. In this example, five employees make 25 copies a week for a total of 125 copies (25 x 5 = 125). If each copy costs 3 cents, calculate the weekly expense by multiplying the number of copies by the cost (125 x 3 cents or .03 = $3.75). Determine the yearly cost by multiplying the weekly cost by the number of weeks in a year ($3.75 x 52 = $195).
$306,377. One of the main functions of an operating budget is to plan for income. Businesses want to know that they are generating a sufficient income to make operating worthwhile. Budgeting for anticipated increases in sales and expenses helps a business to budget income for the coming year. In this situation, sales are expected to increase by 7% and expenses are expected to increase by 4%. To calculate the increase in sales, multiply last year's sales by 7% ($690,500 x 7% or .07 = $48,335), and add that figure to the amount of sales ($690,500 + $48,335 = $738,835). To calculate the increase in expenses, multiply last year's expenses by 4% ($415,825 x 4% or .04 = $16,633), and add that figure to the amount of expenses ($415,825 + $16,633 = $432,458). Subtract anticipated expenses from anticipated sales to determine the amount the business should budget for income ($738,835 - $432,458 = $306,377).
Sales. Once the company has predicted its ability to generate sales, individual budgets are then prepared for other activities such as advertising, merchandising, purchasing, administration, and labor. The business needs to estimate sales before it can budget for expenses. Net profit is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit, which is the money left after the costs of goods expense is subtracted from total income.
Subsidies. A subsidy is government financial help given to a business. An example of a business subsidized by the government would be mass transit. Tariff reductions would slow the growth of business by allowing more imports to enter the country. Tax increases would also slow business growth by reducing profits. Government surveys provide information which may or may not be useful to businesses.
Inferior. Customers often equate high prices with high quality. If a business takes advantage of that belief and sets a high price on inferior products to suggest that the products are better than those of competitors, the businesses may be behaving unethically. In such a case, the business is misleading customers to believe that they are paying more to obtain a high-quality product when the product is actually inferior to products offered by competitors. Businesses often set high prices on products that are scarce or unique, but this practice is not unethical. Intangible products are those that are not capable of being detected through the senses.
Persuade customers to buy more expensive items. Certain pricing practices are usually considered unethical if they are basically dishonest or immoral. One pricing practice that is considered unethical is promoting low-priced items that are unavailable for customers to purchase. Businesses that use such pricing tactics do so only to attract customers and then try to sell them more expensive items. When customers visit the business to buy the low-priced items, they are told that those items are sold out. This is unethical because the business never had the low-priced items and advertised them only to attract customers with the intention of selling them higher priced items. It is not unethical to offer customers better quality products as long as the low-priced items are available. Businesses do not promote low-priced items that are unavailable to match the prices advertised by competitors. Although this practice is intended to increase sales, it may have the opposite effect if customers feel they are being tricked because the products they want are not available.
Prices inhibit competition. The Robinson-Patman Act (1936) restricts price discrimination practices. It is illegal for a manufacturer to charge different prices to different businesses for the same products if it impairs competition. Price discrimination is legal in the other situations.
Products are sold below cost. Loss-leader pricing involves selling products near or below cost. In some situations, laws prohibit the use of loss-leader pricing if the products are sold below cost. The reason is that the prices may be so low that competition is eliminated. However, the laws governing loss-leader pricing are seldom enforced because customers benefit from the low prices. Businesses often do not make any profit on loss-leader pricing because the purpose of that tactic is to attract customers who then will buy additional items at the regular price. Customers do not pay a premium when buying loss-leader items. Competitors often match the loss-leader price or try to beat it.
Recycling. Some products are intended to become obsolete or outdated by their very nature or because of continual advances in technology. Some examples include disposable cameras and computer accessories. Businesses that make these products are often aware of the ethical issues involved in producing goods that have a short life span because of their effects on natural resources and the environment. To handle this dilemma, some businesses are recycling all or parts of these products and reusing them or turning them into new products. This enables businesses to be ethical while producing products that are planned to become obsolete. Businesses do not handle the ethical issue of planned obsolescence by modifying, designing, or screening products.
Warranty. A warranty reassures the consumer that the seller will take care of any problems if a product does not perform as expected. A guarantee is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will refund the consumer's purchase price if the product does not perform as expected. A strategy is a plan of action for achieving goals and objectives. A market is a customer or a potential customer who has an unfulfilled desire and is financially able and willing to satisfy that desire.
Federal Trade Commission. The FTC is a government regulatory agency that administers and enforces antitrust laws to prevent price fixing and to prohibit unfair competitive practices. These practices include false or misleading advertising. The Food and Drug Administration regulates foods, drugs, cosmetics, and medical devices. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is a federal regulatory agency that sets and enforces safety standards for various kinds of consumer products. The Federal Communications Commission grants licenses to radio and television stations and regulates interstate telephone and telegraph rates and service.
That no purchase is necessary. This is a requirement in order to be classified as a sweepstake. A sweepstake is a game of chance, and everyone who enters has an opportunity to win. Ethical sweepstakes do not require consumers to make purchases. Although information about prizes and odds of winning might be included as a matter of enticement, the ethical question deals with the purchase.
Protect consumers from deceptive advertising. The regulation of promotional activities is generally designed to address advertising content and competition issues. Content regulation helps to keep advertisers from misrepresenting their products to the public. Although it's possible to establish regulation to increase tax revenues, it is not generally the primary purpose for regulating advertising content. Promotional activities are also regulated to address competition among businesses rather than consumer advocate groups. Consumer advocate groups are organizations that influence government and societal issues on behalf of the consumer. Cooperative advertising refers to the sharing of advertising expenses between two companies.
purchasing a vacuum cleaner without the carpet attachment, because she has hardwood floors. Tom is doing the customer a favor and demonstrating ethical behavior by not selling her something for which she has no use. Mrs. Thompson is encouraging John to pad his expense account, thus costing the company additional money. This practice demonstrates unethical behavior towards the company. Even though Ron is saving the customer money, he is undercutting his company. Mayhew's is engaging in a practice that is both illegal and unethical.
Eliminate competition. Unfair and deceptive sales practices, such as price discrimination and exclusive dealership, are illegal if they tend to eliminate competition. The United States and other countries regulate sales practices that are specifically intended to drive out competitors or make it difficult for competitors to operate. Sales practices that tend to reduce incentives, affect performance, or decrease profitability are not regulated.
