1.	An advantage to a sport/event business of filing bankruptcy is that the process often allows the business toA.	reorganize. 	 B.	increase profit margins. 	
C.	eliminate taxes.
D.	sell assets. 2.	Which of the following is a total ban on exporting certain types of sporting goods and exercise equipment:A.	Embargo 	
B.	Tariff	
C.	Quota 		
D.	Inspection3.	A concert facility was fined $1 million for dumping toxic waste in the local river. What federal environmental regulation did the facility violate?A.	Clean Water Act 	B.	Clean Air Act 	
C.	Food Quality Act
D.	Endangered Species Act4.	What would be the most cost effective and efficient means of distributing large quantities of golf balls and golf tees throughout a geographic region?A.	Air carriers 	
B.	Rail carriers	
C.	Water carriers	
D.	Motor carriers5.	Technological advancements have made it possible for some sporting-good manufacturers to communicate directly with customers, which reduces the need to useA.	warehouse personnel. 	B.	intermediaries. 	
C.	suppliers. 
D.	freight carriers.6.	Which of the following is a legal requirement of most governments that has an impact on distribution:A.	Export license B.	Insurance coverage 	
C.	Sales contract 
D.	Credit approval 7.	In the sport/event industry, horizontal conflict occurs among channel members that are __________ of the channel.A.	on different levels 	B.	at the same level  	
C.	at a low level
D.	on high levels8.	To make a request of a business associate or customer is one of the reasons why sport/event marketing employees writeA.	persuasive messages. 	B.	letters of inquiry.	
C.	sales letters. 
D.	corporate memorandums.9.	Which of the following is often the most effective way of giving instructions for completing job tasks:A.	Negotiation 	
B.   Persuasion
C.	Demonstration		
D.	Comparison 10.  What should sport/event businesses avoid doing in order to be ethical when providing information about services to customers?A.	Overproducing 	
B.	Overdelivering	
C.	Overeducating 		
D.	Overpromising11.	When Brian got his job at FunTime Amusement Park, he made sure he knew how to use the cash register, became familiar with all the parks services and prices, and kept his work station very organized. In which way did Brian demonstrate the customer-service mindset?A.	Following-through  	B.	Being efficient	
C.	Following-up
D.	Being accurate 12.	How can a sporting-goods salesperson try to reduce the number of customer complaints about the products customers buy?A.	By approaching customers as soon as possible	B.	By using high-pressure selling techniques		
C.	By identifying the customer's real needs
D.	By advising the customer from personal experience13.	How can sport/event organizations distribute large quantities of pocket schedules in a cost-efficient manner?A.	Mail to all residences and businesses within a 100-mile radius B.	Deliver in person to individual residences and businessesC.	Ask local retailers and vendors to distribute them to their customers D.	Have managers distribute them to employees14.	What economic activity examines how money payments are divided between resource owners and producers?A.	Exchange 	B.	Consumption  	
C.	Distribution
D.	Production 15.	Roe's Sporting Goods sews custom team uniforms for local sports teams by allowing customers to choose from various styles, colors, logos, and numbering for their uniforms. What type of utility is Roe's Sporting Goods demonstrating?A.	Possession 	B.	Place 	
C.	Time
D.	Form 16.	A sport/event manager who helps an employee decide when and where products should be delivered performs which management function?A.	Staffing 	B.	Controlling 	
C.	Directing  
D.	Organizing17.	A major problem for individuals and private businesses in a socialist command economy isA.	profit. 	B.	state-owned businesses. 	
C.	competition. 
D.	taxes. 18.	Why do some governments set very high taxes on certain products? A.	To make the items more appealing 	B.	To limit the sale of those items 	
C.	To increase profits for businesses 
D.	To encourage more production 19.	When sport/event businesses compete by offering consumers higher quality products, increased customer service, and attractive facilities, they are engaging in __________ competition.A.	price 	B.	nonprice 	
C.	pure 
D.	direct20.	Why do governments usually calculate the unemployment rate on a monthly basis?A.	To prepare for receiving less tax money 	B.	To help workers find new jobs 	
C.	To determine which businesses are failing 
D.	To detect changes in the economy 21.	The owner of Eckel's Sporting Goods has asked the manager to open another branch of the store. What phase of the business cycle would be most likely to benefit this new branch?A.	Contraction 	
B.	Expansion	
C.	Trough			
D.	Peak 22.	Which of the following is a process that an athletic department's employees might use to develop political relationships within an organization:A.	Counseling 	
B.	Compromising 	
C.	Negotiating		
D.	Networking 23.	Employees who work in the sport/event industry can cope more easily with authoritarian leaders by developingA.	creativity. 	
B.	assertiveness	
C.	initiative. 		
D.	patience. 24.	Consensus building is a process that often enables a group to A.	create a stalemate. 	B.	reach an agreement. 	
C.	express an attitude. 
D.	define a philosophy. 25.	What might sport-marketing businesses offer customers in an effort to collect past-due accounts?A.	Additional credit card 	B.	Financial planning course 	
C.	Revised payment plan
D.	New installment loan26.	To purchase equipment for his fitness center, Juan Rodriguez signed a promissory note for a loan. In this credit arrangement, Juan is theA.	depositor. 	
B.   creditor.	
C.	lender.  		
D.	borrower.27.	In order to open her sporting-goods business, Ali is borrowing $275,000 from a bank. So Ali understands the terms of the loan, the bank outlines the terms in a formal agreement and requires Ali to sign it. This is an example of a financialA.	warranty. 	
B.	contract.	
C.	proposal. 		
D.	referral. 28.	Which of the following is an example of a lending investment:A.	Antiques 	
B.	Homes	
C.	Bonds 			
D.	Stocks 29.	The Chrysler Theater is hosting the road show of "Annie." In which of the following cases would the theater be liable for damages:A.	A guest trips on loose carpet in the hallway and sprains an ankle. B.	During intermission, one attendee accidentally spills a drink on someone.C.	An attendee's car parked in a city lot gets broken into during the performance.D.	People complain that the theater-goers in front of them blocked their view of the show.30.	When preparing a cash-flow statement, an amusement park would list the liquidation of assets asA.	sales. 	
B.	income.	
C.	utilities. 		
D.	expenses. 31.	A bicycle repair-shop owner developing an operating budget has determined that total expenses for the year will be $42,500. If the owner wants to have a gross profit of $36,000, what amount of sales should be forecast?A.	$76,500  	
B.	$78,500	
C.	$81,000		
D.	$82,00032.	What do sport-marketing businesses often calculate to determine if their output is generating an adequate amount of profit?A.	Marginal revenue 	B.	Interest rate 	
C.	Inventory level 
D.	Tax liability 33.	When interviewing job applicants for a sport/event marketing position, it is often necessary for the interviewer toA.	verify information listed on the resume. 	B.	ask the applicant to fill out a tax form. 	
C.	select the most qualified candidate. 
D.	plan an appropriate orientation program. 34.	As manager of event services, you are responsible for terminating a long-time employee whose position is being eliminated due to changes in technology. The best way to handle this situation is toA.	explain the situation in such a way that is not threatening. B.	write the employee a dismissal letter.C.	offer to help the employee find another job.D.	ask the employee to assist in the training of a replacement.35.	Why should you give sport-marketing employees meaningful tasks from the beginning?A.	To discourage interest in the job 	B.	To make them feel productive 	
C.	To identify problem areas
D.	To summarize the day's activities36.	Which of the following could be used to encourage an athletic organization's employees to communicate their dissatisfactions to management:A.	Right-to-work laws  	B.	Suggestion boxes 	
C.	Strikes
D.	Contracts  37.	Which of the following is true of a sport/event organization's marketing-information management system:A.	It can provide relevant, accurate, and timely information. B.	It can prove valuable at just one point in time.C.	It is obsolete and does not meet the needs of marketers.D.	It generally disrupts the marketing process.38.	When obtaining marketing information from customers, it is unethical for a sporting-goods store to neglect to tell customersA.	how the information will be used. 	B.	where the information will be stored. 	
C.	the monetary value of the information. 
D.	the relevance of the information. 39.	Athletic organizations can retrieve external marketing data by accessingA.	web-based information services. 	B.	computer-generated sales reports. 	
C.	accounts receivable summaries. 
D.	inventory management records. 40.	An individual wishing to start a golf practice range identifies the location of potential customers and the location of all competitors in order toA.	recruit qualified employees. 	B.	identify necessary equipment. 	
C.	obtain a bank loan.
D.	assess a trading area. 41.	To determine how research data relate to the questions that have been raised, a sport/event marketing researcher must __________ the situation.A.	observe 	
B.	analyze 	
C.	survey  			
D.	experiment with42.	Why would a manager include frequency tables in a marketing report that will be distributed to many departments in the sporting-goods chain?A.	To analyze the cost of conducting research 	B.	To further explain technical information 	
C.	To compile a list of recommendations
D.	To graphically depict various statistics 43.	Entertainment marketers should identify their target markets after they have carefully examinedA.	past ticket sales records for similar events.B.	available data and research about the segment.C.	retired people with discretionary income.D.	customized products that fit the needs of the market.44.	Which of the following is a question that the marketing-information management function can help fitness centers answer:A.	Where are customers located? 	B.	What new products should be developed? 	
C.	What is the image of the business? 
D.	Where will supplies be stored? 45.	Which of the following should sport-apparel retailers consider when determining whether it is cost effective to extend or reduce operating hours:A.	Periods when sales are strong or weak 	B.	Type and variety of products available	
C.	Operating hours of local competitors
D.	Number of people walking by the store46.	Which of the following does not indicate a need to change marketing strategies:A.	Actions of competitors 	B.	Advancement in technology 	
C.	Stable economic conditions
D.	Changes in consumer attitudes47.	When Yvette began making plans to open Yvette's Gymnastics Instruction, she decided to offer her services to children ages 4-14. This process is known as __________ segmentation.A.	psychographic 	
B.	market	
C.	geographic 		
D.	behavioural48.	What does a sport/event business develop during the marketing planning process? A.	Advertisements 
B.	Strategies	
C.	Products  		
D.	Prospects 49.	Sport/Event marketers should check on their markets periodically because markets canA.	fail. 	
B.	advance.	
C.	lead.			
D.	change.50.	Which of the following factors should a fitness center consider when conducting a comprehensive market analysis:A.	Segment size, competitors, and demand 	B.	Strategy, demand, and frequency 	
C.	Policy, frequency, and segment size 
D.	Competitors, policy, and reach 51.	Which of the following is an economic factor that a sport/event marketer should consider before entering a foreign market:A.	Customs 	
B.	Infrastructure	
C.	Values			
D.	Age52.	The primary reason for a snow-ski manufacturer to forecast sales is to obtain information to use inA.	business planning. 	B.	advertising copy. 	
C.	staff training. 
D.	evaluating salespersons.53.	Which of the following marketing-plan objectives might provide the most increase in revenue for a sport-apparel distributor:A.	Decrease the salaries of all employees by 10%B.	Reach more customers to increase sales by 20%C.	Increase prices by 50% across the boardD.	Impose a 5% surcharge on customers who pay on credit54.	As a result of evaluating the performance of its marketing plan, a swim and racquet club might decide to make changes if it discovers that theA.	people are renewing memberships. 	B.	objectives are not being achieved. 	
C.	regulations are not being enforced. 
D.	employees are working to capacity. 55.	To conduct an effective marketing audit, a sporting-goods retail chain should use a systematic and __________ approach.A.	comprehensive 	
B.	general	
C.	objectionable 		
D.	sensitive 56.	One reason for a treadmill manufacturer to monitor its internal records is to obtain information that it can use to A.	understand global economic conditions. 	B.	track the activities of its competitors. 	
C.	handle employee problems and complaints.
D.	make decisions about future operations. 57.	A basketball team wins a postseason playoff game and proceeds to play another team for the regional championship. In what type of tournament is the basketball team participating?A.	Heat 	B.	Tri-level 	
C.	Multistage 
D.	Scramble 58.	Why do event organizers develop production schedules?A.	To organize rehearsals prior to the day of the event B.	To outline all of the activities needed to prepare for the event C.	To arrange for the media to broadcast the event D.	To analyze safety and health considerations for the event 59.	Requiring employees to wear appropriate clothing on the job is one way that a sport-equipment manufacturer can maintain a(n)A.	comfortable atmosphere. 	B.	safe work environment. 	
C.	industrial image. 
D.	sanitary facility. 60.	The function performed by a sport/event marketer in obtaining goods to be resold isA.	credit. 	
B.	exchange.	
C.	purchasing.		
D.	management.61.	One way for a basketball arena to determine if it is operating in the most efficient manner is toA.	develop a list of financial objectives. 	B.	distribute a survey to its competitors. 	
C.	hire an international tax consultant. 
D.	evaluate its systems and procedures. 62.	A fitness centre that inspects its equipment on a regular basis is practicingA.	vendor analysis. 	B.	preventive maintenance. 	
C.	form utility.
D.	physical inventory.63.	A fitness centre should help employees to prevent accidents and injuries by providingA.	a convenient lunch room. 	B.	a comfortable lounge area. 	
C.	attractive furnishings. 
D.	a safe work environment. 64.	Why do sport/event marketers send representatives to trade shows?A.	To identify competitors 	B.	To meet new vendors	
C.	To visit associates 
D.	To contact employees 65.	Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Most people have the same kind of work style.A.	False, work style has been divided into categories.B.	False, each individual has a work style of his/her own.C.	True, most people do their best work in the morning.D.	True, most people approach tasks in the same way.66.	Many governments develop laws that restrict business practices involving the sale of goods below cost. The purpose of this form of legislation is to prevent __________ pricing.A.	predatory 	
B.	inflationary	
C.	markdown 		
D.	competitive 67.	What are sporting-goods businesses responding to when they change their selling prices to correspond to changes in what customers can afford to buy?A.	Market share
B.	Elastic demand	
C.	Product mix		
D.	Economic growth68.	A hockey team raises prices for soft drinks at its arena by 25 cents per cup. They sell half as many soft drinks as they did before the price change. The small price change had a big impact on sales. This is an example of __________ demand.A.	inelastic 	
B.	unitary	
C.	smoothing		
D.	elastic  69.	A sport/event business might decide to offer certain products to customers if other businesses are successfully selling those products. This is an example of marketing being affected by a product'sA.	brand name. 	
B.	life cycle.	
C.	intended use. 		
D.	main feature.70.	Which of the following technological tools helps a sport-apparel business's employees simultaneously access the same information about the business's products:A.	Memory card 	
B.	Micro-portal	
C.	Intranet 		
D.	Generator 71.	A sport/event marketer can continuously and systematically obtain information about consumers' wants and needs by establishing A.	positioning strategies. 	B.	comprehensive business plans. 	
C.	flexible marketing objectives. 
D.	opportunity recognition processes. 72.	Tim, a salesperson for Sport-O Goods Company, is required to contact at least 15 prospects every week. What type of standard is this?A.	Quality 	
B.	Cost	
C.	Time			
D.	Quantity 73.	To make sure that all tasks have been completed and an event is ready for attendees, sport/event marketers might refer to theirA.	inventory agenda. 	B.	production checklist. 	
C.	guest list.
D.	function sheets.74.	A baseball organization gathers its sales and marketing teams together to generate new ideas for goods and services. This technique is often calledA.	psycho-stimulation. 	B.	brainstorming. 	
C.	mind mapping. 
D.	idea screening.75.	Which of the following product mix strategies is a sporting-goods manufacturer using when it makes changes to aspects of its product items, such as packaging or pricing:A.	Collaboration 	
B.	Contraction	
C.	Expansion 		
D.	Alteration 76.	When a sport/event marketer takes an existing product and increases its user-friendliness, the sport/event marketer is fulfilling its customers' needs by a process called productA.	certification. 
B.	classification.
C.	modification. 		
D.	mollification. 77.	When positioning a product, a sport/event business should consider the target market'sA.	strategies. 	
B.	wants.	
C.	policies. 		
D.	benefits. 78.	Consumers often look for familiar brands to buy because of the brands'A.	market share. 	
B.	predictable quality.	
C.	product category.	
D.	descriptive names.79.	Athletes are often considered to be particularly effective promoting products related to theirA.	sport.  
B.	background.	
C.	education.		
D.	lifestyle.80.	Under which of the following circumstances should the supply of employees increase:A.	There are few members working out in a fitness center. B.	A sporting-goods store is closed for the day.  C.	There is a high demand for customer service.D.	A ski resort is in an off-season.  81.	A reason to legally research possible brand names is toA.	ensure that the name is adaptable to displays, signage, and advertising.B.	avoid selecting a name that is unpleasant.C.	make sure the name will stimulate customers' buying habits.D.	avoid selecting a name already in use by another business.82.	More sport/event marketers are installing and using kiosks to promote their goods and services because this form of technology isA.	interactive. 	
B.	generic.	
C.	portable. 		
D.	seasonable. 83.	What part of a print ad may vary in length from a few words to several paragraphs?A.	Copy 	
B.	Slogan	
C.	Layout 			
D.	Type 84.	The copy of a sporting-goods print advertisement should focus on theA.	products' benefits.  	B.	promotional mix. 	
C.	products' features. 
D.	promotional objectives.85.	Which of the following is an example of direct advertising:A.	A retailer conducts a telephone survey to determine its customers' satisfaction with its services.B.	A professional football team develops an advertising campaign that includes television spots and billboards. C.	A soft-drink company places an advertisement on television during a major sporting event.D.	A sports apparel company mails its latest catalog to customers who have ordered items within a year. 86.	When developing a direct mail offer for sport/event products, it is important that the mailing piece beA.	designed to attract attention. 	B.	printed on expensive paper. 	
C.	addressed in an impersonal way. 
D.	sent to everyone in the area. 87.	The employees of a sport/event organization often generate publicity about a performer, event, or organization byA.	talking with family and friends.  	B.	developing an office memo. 	
C.	attending staff meetings.
D.	conducting follow-up surveys.88.	A university's athletic department preparing stories about the football players to send to their hometown newspapers in order to develop community support is an example of a __________ plan.A.	public relations  	B.	direct advertising 	
C.	sales promotion
D.	corporate sponsorship89.	Which of the following do event organizers often include in an event to add interest and excitement to the event:A.	Sponsor recognition 	B.	Long intermission 	
C.	Dress rehearsal 
D.	Celebrity appearance 90.	Why is it important for sport/event marketers to coordinate their promotional activities?A.	To achieve their objectives 	B.	To evaluate their policies  	
C.	To organize their products  
D.	To control their inventories91.	Dan, a golf-store employee, makes sure that as he is interacting with customers, he is also actively listening in order to better respond to their questions and objections. Which characteristic of a successful salesperson does Dan display?A.	Communication skills 	B.	Ethics 	
C.	Persistence and patience 
D.	Education and training 92.	Which of the following is a function of customer service that fitness-equipment salespeople can use to build relationships:A.	Telephoning daily 	B.	Entertaining often 	
C.	Showing appreciation  
D.	Evaluating performance93.	Which of the following might be considered an unethical way for a sporting goods distributor to deal with its salespeople:A.	Monitoring profitability of each territory 		B.	Turning a major account into a house account 		
C.	Terminating a salesperson for poor performance
D.	Expecting salespeople to reach a certain quota 94.	The color of a running shoe is an example of one of the shoe'sA.	standards.  	
B.	features.	
C.	benefits.		
D.	purposes.95.	When a customer is closely examining or is holding a golf club, the most effective sales approach to use to direct immediate attention to that golf club is the __________ approach.A.	welcome 	
B.	greeting	
C.	merchandise		
D.	service 96.	If a customer purchases a pair of Nike shoes, and the salesperson suggests a pair of Nike socks, the salesperson has suggested a __________ product.A.	related 	
B.	new	
C.	substitute		
D.	higher priced97.	Never take a sponsorship presentation past __________ minutes.A.	45 	
B.	20	
C.	35			
D.	30 98.	Which of the following actions would help a sports marketer to prevent financial losses when exchanging a customer's foreign currency:A.	Ask the customer to exchange a foreign check instead of paper currencyB.	Require the customer to guarantee the exchange with a credit cardC.	Base the exchange on current currency ratesD.	Make sure a letter appears at the end of the serial number on the currency99.	Tara is a cashier at Thomson's Sporting-Goods Store. Before accepting a customer's personal check, Tara should take which of the following precautions:A.	Ask for identification 	B.	Ask for a handwriting sample  	
C.	Make a call to the bank 
D.	Require a two-party check100.	In order to meet the needs of its market, a professional hockey team must study local demographics, which are theA.	government regulations that apply to the industry.	    B.	current and predicted economic conditions. 		    
C.	trends in technological advances.
D.	physical/social characteristics of the population. 