Reorganize. Depending on the location of the sport/event business, there are many forms of bankruptcy. An advantage to a sport/event business of filing bankruptcy is that the process allows the business to reorganize in an attempt to keep operating. Sport/event businesses that are unable to pay their debts but think that they can become solvent by reorganizing, may have to file for a specific type of bankruptcy with the government. As a result, they have time to restructure or find additional financing to pay creditors. Filing bankruptcy does not necessarily increase the sport/event business's profit margins. Filing bankruptcy does not eliminate the obligation to pay taxes. As part of reorganizing, Embargo. An embargo is a total ban on specific sporting goods and exercise equipment leaving or entering a country. A tariff is a tax on imports. A quota limits the amount of a good that can be imported or exported. Inspections of imported goods are sometimes used as a trade barrier to slow down the importation of certain products and potentially raise the price.Clean Water Act. The company violated the Clean Water Act by dumping toxic waste into a river. The Clean Air Act regulates emissions and other air pollutants. The Food Quality Act regulates the quality of the food supply. The Endangered Species Act protects animals, fish, and birds in danger of becoming extinct.Motor carriers. Businesses consider the kind of product when making distribution decisions. Businesses distributing large quantities of small-sized products, such as golf balls and golf tees, probably would use trucks or other motorized vehicles because they are faster than rail or water carriers and less expensive than air carriers. Rail carriers are used to haul heavy, bulky goods. Water carriers are a slow means of transporting bulky products. Air carriers are an expensive way of handling fragile, perishable, or emergency shipments.Intermediaries. Intermediaries are distribution channel members operating between the producer and the consumer or industrial users to help in the movement of goods and services. For example, sports enthusiasts can order sporting goods from some manufacturers' web sites. Prior to the Internet, customers had to purchase certain sporting goods by going to "bricks and mortar" retailers. Technological advancements have not reduced the need for suppliers. Manufacturers still need raw materials to produce their goods. Technological advancements have not necessarily reduced the need to use warehouse personnel and freight carriers in relation to communicating with customers.Export license. Many distribution businesses export products to other countries. To do this legally, businesses usually are required by law to obtain an export license that gives them the right to ship products out of the country. Depending on the country of origin, the license may be general and not include specific restrictions. However, some countries have restrictive export licenses that limit the type of products that may be exported. The need for an export license impacts distribution because it may control what a business may legally export. Insurance coverage, sales contract, and credit approval are not legal requirements that impact distribution.At the same level. Horizontal conflict occurs among channel members that are at the same level of the channel. These members usually are distributors (e.g., sporting goods) for the same organization and are selling within an assigned territory. Conflict often occurs when one or more channel members attempt to cut prices and lure customers away from other channel members. Vertical conflict occurs when there is disagreement between different levels of the same channel. In vertical conflict, the members may be at a low level or at a high level. The distinguishing characteristic is that they are on different levels.Letters of inquiry. The function of a letter of inquiry usually is to make a request. Businesspeople, such as sport/event marketing employees, often write letters of inquiry to request an appointment with a current customer, a potential customer, or a business associate, particularly if those people are located out of town. For example, a businessperson might write several letters requesting appointments with various customers before arranging a sales trip. Persuasive messages are intended to encourage others to take action rather than to make a request. Sales letters are a type of persuasive message. Corporate memorandums are internal forms of communication.Demonstration. Demonstration is an instructional method that offers the benefit of visual explanation to describe how a job task is to be performed. In the demonstration process, a manager performs a task while explaining each step, and an employee watches. Demonstration is an effective way of giving instructions because the employee is able to see exactly how the job task should be performed. Comparison involves explaining similarities and differences. Persuasion involves convincing someone of a particular opinion. Negotiation involves bargaining to reach an agreement.Overpromising. Because services are intangible, it is often difficult for consumers to completely understand exactly what they are buying. Businesses that sell services should avoid overpromising what the services can do in order to be ethical. It is unethical to overpromise in order to generate sales or attract customers. For example, promising baseball fans a win is unethical because the outcome cannot be determined until the baseball game is over. It is ethical for sport/event businesses to try to educate customers as much as possible about services and to provide customers with more service than they expected. Services are not overproduced because they are not produced until a customer buys them.Being efficient. Being efficient demonstrates the customer-service mindset. Specifically, this means knowing how to operate equipment, becoming familiar with all the products (e.g., concession stands, rides, other services) the amusement park offers, and keeping work spaces organized for action. Being accurate is demonstrated through double-checking work for accuracy. Following-through means always doing what you say you're going to do. Following-up with customers or guests suggests to them that you care about their continued satisfaction.By identifying the customer's real needs. Product-related complaints often occur when customers make improper buying decisions. Sporting-goods salespeople should try to identify the customer's real needs so that s/he can suggest the most appropriate product. High-pressure selling techniques are never recommended and would likely cause complaints. Sporting-goods salespeople may not be able to advise from personal experience in all cases, and their advice may not be appropriate for the particular customer. Approaching customers promptly is a good idea but will not prevent them from having product-related complaints.Ask local retailers and vendors to distribute them to their customers. Pocket schedules are an important promotional tool for some sport/event organizations (e.g., professional baseball). To get the schedules out to many people in a cost-efficient manner, some sport/event organizations ask area retailers (e.g., grocers) to place a display box on their counters that hold the schedules. Sport/Event organizations might also have their vendors (e.g., beverage) distribute the boxes to their customers (e.g., restaurants). It is very time consuming and expensive to deliver the pocket schedules door-to-door, particularly in large cities. Direct mail can be a very expensive way to distribute pocket schedules. Although sport/event managers can distribute the pocket schedules to employees, the employees may not distribute them to others.Distribution. This economic activity examines how the money payments received by resource owners and producers are divided or distributed. Resource owners must feel that the incomes they receive are large enough so that they will continue to be willing to supply resources. Producers must receive enough income so that they are able to continue making or providing goods and services. Consumption is the process or activity of using goods and services. Production is the making of goods and services. Exchange involves the exchange of money payments between producers and the owners of resources.Form. Form utility occurs when a business alters or changes the shape or form of a product to make it more useful to consumers. Roe's Sporting Goods creates custom uniforms by sewing and numbering the uniforms. Place utility is usefulness created by making sure that goods or services are available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers.Directing. Directing is providing guidance to workers and work projects. An example of directing would include a sport/event manager assisting employees with deliveries. Controlling involves monitoring the work effort. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Organizing is setting up the way the business's work will be done.Taxes. Taxes are a heavy burden in socialist command economies. The high taxes that have been imposed to pay for government human-services programs reduce individuals' incomes and make the costs of production higher for businesses. Privately owned businesses are allowed to compete with state-owned businesses in socialist economies, but they must abide by the state's master plan in whatever way is necessary. Profit is the financial gain of a business after all expenses have been paid.To limit the sale of those items. In some situations, governments set very high taxes on certain products to discourage people from buying those items. For example, most governments set high taxes on alcohol and tobacco products to make it more expensive for people to buy those products. It is an attempt to discourage people from buying products that may be hazardous to their health. Governments do not set very high taxes on certain products to make those items more appealing, to increase profits for businesses, or to encourage more production.Nonprice. Nonprice competition involves factors other than price. Price competition focuses on the use of price to attract scarce customer dollars. Pure competition exists when there are so many sellers and buyers of a product that no one can influence the price. Direct competition occurs among businesses which offer similar types of goods or services. It cannot be determined from this example whether the competition is direct or indirect.To detect changes in the economy. The unemployment rate is an indication of the health of the economy. If the rate is low, then most people who want to work have jobs and income to support themselves. If the unemployment rate starts to increase, it is an indication that workers are losing their jobs, which might result in a slowdown in the economy. By calculating the unemployment rate on a monthly basis, governments are able to detect changes in the economy at an early stage. Then, they may be able to take steps to correct problems before they become serious and lead to a recession. Governments do not calculate the unemployment rate to help workers find new jobs, determine which businesses are failing, or prepare for receiving less tax money.Expansion. Expansion is the first phase in the business cycle characterized by increased spending and borrowing, increased demand for goods and services, and increased employment. Expansion would be the best phase of the business cycle in which to open a new branch of the sporting-goods store. Peak is the second phase of the business cycle which is considered the high point of economic activity (demand begins to exceed production). Contraction is the third phase of the business cycle characterized by decreasing demand for goods and services, rising unemployment, and reduced sales and profits for the business. Trough is the fourth phase of the business cycle which is the lowest point of economic activity, characterized by a high ratio of unemployment and business failures.Networking. Networking within an organization involves developing political relationships with others for the purpose of advancement. By developing relationships, the employees have others to call on when they need help getting something done. They have a group that will support their ideas, and help them reach their objectives. Compromising involves giving in to another's wishes so that an agreement may be reached. Negotiating is the process of one person reaching an agreement with another person to meet specific needs or wants. Counseling is an oral communication method in which a supervisor and an employee discuss the employee's problem, and the supervisor tries to motivate the employee to find a solution.Patience. Authoritarian leaders in the sport/event industry prefer to exercise a high degree of control over their subordinates and tend to see themselves as the sole source of authority. In order to cope with this type of leadership, employees need not only patience but acceptance, cooperativeness, and reliability. Employee traits such as initiative, creativity, and assertiveness, while good for democratic or laissez-faire work environments, cause problems for workers under authoritarian leaders.Reach an agreement. A consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires the substantial agreement of each group member. Therefore, the process of consensus building is intended to enable a group to reach an agreement. Consensus building helps a group to discuss issues and achieve objectives rather than create a stalemate, which means the group cannot agree. An attitude is the way a person looks at life. Philosophy is the combination of principles, attitudes, or beliefs held by individuals or organizations that influence their behavior. Revised payment plan. When customers are unable to pay their accounts for legitimate reasons, such as temporary financial problems, sport-marketing businesses might be willing to develop a revised payment plan. These plans might reduce the amount of the monthly payment or extend the time that the customer has to pay the past-due amount. The benefit to the business is that it will ultimately collect the entire amount without losing a customer. Offering customers an additional credit card will not help to collect past-due accounts and may encourage customers to go further into debt. Sport-marketing businesses do not offer financial planning courses. An installment loan is a type of credit account. However, businesses do not offer additional loans to customers who are having difficulty paying existing accounts.Borrower. A promissory note is a legal form signed by a borrower promising to repay a loan. The person who signs a promissory note is called a borrower. A lender is the individual or financial institution granting the loan. A creditor is a person who extends credit or to whom money is owed. A depositor is a person who places money in the bank for safekeeping.Contract. A contract is an agreement between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. In the example, the bank agrees to lend Ali money and Ali agrees to the loan terms, which includes a repayment schedule. If one party does not follow through with the agreement, the other party can pursue legal action. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. A proposal is a formal document that presents the reader with a call to action. A referral is an entity to which salespeople are recommended.Bonds. A lending investment is one in which a lender allows a borrower to use his/her money during a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest. A bond is a type of lending investment in which individuals lend money to a government, municipality, or corporation to earn a set rate of interest for a specified time period. Homes, antiques, and stocks are ownership investments. A guest trips on loose carpet in the hallway and sprains an ankle. The theater is responsible for making sure the facility is safe and free of obstacles; therefore, it would be liable for damages. A car damaged in a parking lot owned by the city would not be the theater's responsibility. Complaining about someone blocking one's view would not bring about damage relief. The drink being spilled was an accident and is between the individuals involved.Income. A cash-flow statement is a financial summary with estimates as to when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of an amusement park. Income is money that flows into the amusement park and includes sales, cash receipts, investments, and dividends. Assets, or anything of value that the amusement park owns, are also a source of income because assets can be exchanged for cash (liquidated). Expenses are monies that flow out of the amusement park. Utilities are expenses.$78,500. An operating budget predicts the amount of profit for a certain period of time, usually a year, based on estimated total expenses and sales. If a bicycle repair-shop owner expects total expenses of $42,500 for the coming year and wants to gross $36,000 in profit, the business needs sales of $78,500 ($42,500 + $36,000 = $78,500). If the business sells more than estimated, it will earn a greater profit. A bicycle repair-shop owner uses the operating budget to track expenses and sales throughout the year and makes changes, if necessary, in order to earn the desired amount of profit.Marginal revenue. Marginal revenue is the revenue received from producing and selling one additional unit of output. This calculation helps a sport-marketing business decide if output is generating the desired amount of profit. For example, once output is sufficient to cover expenses, each additional unit of output generates profit. Sport-marketing businesses do not calculate the interest rate, inventory level, or tax liability to determine if their output is generating an adequate amount of profit.Verify information listed on the resume. When interviewing job applicants for a sport/event marketing position, interviewers often go over the information that was listed on the resume. Many times, the interviewer wants to clarify information such as gaps between employment or types of training. Or, the interviewer may want a more detailed explanation of what the applicant did in a previous position. Interviewers often use the resume as the basis for obtaining additional information. When interviewing job applicants, interviewers do not ask the applicant to fill out a tax form, select the most qualified candidate, or plan an appropriate orientation program.Offer to help the employee find another job. You should express gratitude on behalf of the company for the employee's long years of service and explain that changes in technology have eliminated the need for that particular position. Then, offer to help the employee find another job within the event organization or with a similar company. Losing a job after many years of service is a threat in itself. If the position is being eliminated, there is no need to train a replacement. A valued employee who has not been able to keep up with the needs of technology deserves more than just a letter.To make them feel productive. Avoid giving new sport-marketing employees menial tasks because it will discourage their interest in the job. During follow-up sessions, you can identify problem areas and summarize the day's activities.Suggestion boxes. An athletic organization's management team can place suggestion/complaint boxes in areas accessible to employees such as in break areas or near time clocks. Employees should be given opportunities to contribute to an athletic organization's success through a complaint process. Contracts are agreements between two or more parties that are legally binding. A strike is a union strategy in which employees cease working until employers meet their demands. Right-to-work laws specify that union membership cannot be required in order to get or keep a job.It can provide relevant, accurate, and timely information. A marketing-information management system should be designed to meet the needs of a sport/event organization without disrupting its regular business activities. Stored information can prove valuable many times throughout any planning or decision-making process if it is updated on an ongoing basis.How the information will be used. Ethical behavior involves doing what is right. When a sporting-goods store collects marketing information from customers, it is ethical to make sure customers know how the information will be used. Then, customers have the opportunity to decide not to provide information, or to provide only certain types of information. It is not ethical to mislead customers in order to obtain marketing information. It is not usually considered unethical not to tell customers where the information will be stored, the monetary value of the information, or the relevance of the information.Web-based information services. External marketing data is information from outside the athletic organization. The Internet is a technological tool that allows an athletic organization to retrieve external marketing information quickly. Web-based information services, such as online libraries, provide a wide range of information for marketers. Sales reports, accounts receivable summaries, and inventory records are examples of internal sources of marketing information.Assess a trading area. Assessing a trading area involves identifying the location of all competitors and the location of potential customers. The purpose of the assessment is to determine if the trading area will support the business. There needs to be an adequate number of customers, but not too many competitors, in order for a new golf practice range to be successful. If a trading area is suitable, an owner might identify necessary equipment, obtain a bank loan, and begin recruiting employees.Analyze. The collected data must be analyzed, or interpreted, in order to be useful. Data by themselves are just a collection of facts, which might not be meaningful. Observation gathers data, surveying asks questions, and experimentation tests cause and effect.To graphically depict various statistics. Frequency tables are a type of graphic that visually represent information. The advantage of using frequency tables in a marketing report is that a variety of information, such as statistics, can be shown in different ways. For example, frequency tables can be in the form of bar charts, line charts, or pie charts that indicate numbers and/or percentages. The tables help to graphically depict complex information that might be difficult to understand if it was presented in word form only. Frequency charts are generally used to visually represent statistics rather than to explain technical information. Frequency tables are not included in a marketing report to compile a list of recommendations or to analyze the cost of conducting research.Available data and research about the segment. This is important in order to focus their marketing message on the appropriate markets. Retired people may or may not be of particular interest as a target market. Past ticket sales records may not provide important segmentation information. Customizing comes after the target market has been identified.Where are customers located? The marketing-information management function involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information. Accurate marketing information can help fitness centers answer questions such as "Where are customers located?" The product/service management function tries to answer questions such as "What new products should be developed," and "What is the image of the business?" The distribution function helps businesses answer questions such as "Where will supplies be stored?"Periods when sales are strong or weak. Sport-apparel retailers analyze sales for various periods of time to determine when sales are strong and when they are weak. For example, a sport-apparel retailer might analyze sales during morning hours, afternoon hours, evening hours, or on weekends, as compared to sales during the week. The resulting information will indicate when sales are strong and when they are weak. If sales are weak on Sunday evenings, a sport-apparel retailer might decide to reduce hours on that day to operate more cost effectively. Sport-apparel retailers often consider operating hours of local competitors when establishing their hours, but that information will not help them to determine the most cost-effective operating hours for their facility. Sales are the important factor rather than the type and variety of products available. The number of people walking by the store is not important, only the number of people in the store who are actually buying.Stable economic conditions. Many factors can necessitate a need to change marketing strategies: the actions of competitors, the influences of governmental agencies, changes in consumer attitudes, advancements in technology, changes in the economy, etc. When the economy is stable, no major economic changes are occurring at the moment.Market. Market segmentation is the division of a total market into smaller, more specific groups. Yvette has decided to focus her efforts on one well-defined group of consumers. Geographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of where consumers are located. Psychographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of consumers' lifestyles and personalities. Behavioral segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of consumers' response to a product.Strategies. Marketing planning is the process of determining how to attract the target customer to the sport/event business. Strategies are specific plans of action the sport/event business takes to achieve the objectives (goals) in the marketing plan. Sport/Event businesses develop advertisements after the marketing plan is in place. Product development is an ongoing process for many sport/event businesses, not only during the marketing planning process. Prospects are potential customers or qualified leads.Change. Though markets may appear to fail, advance, or lead other markets—it is change that prompts sport/event marketers to check on their markets periodically. Sport/Event marketers need to identify possible changes in order to adapt and remain competitive.Segment size, competitors, and demand. A market analysis involves collecting information about a group (segment) that may have an unfulfilled desire for something and is willing and able to pay for it. A fitness center analyzes various segments to determine if it is profitable to market its products to those segments. The market analysis considers the size of the market segment, the product demand, and the competitors it may encounter. A strategy is a plan of action for achieving goals or objectives. Policies are general rules that a fitness center's employees must follow. Frequency is a quantitative measure of the average number of times a target consumer is exposed to an advertising message. Reach is a quantitative measure of the number of different people in the target audience who are exposed at least once to an advertising message. Reach and frequency are considerations when selecting advertising vehicles, but not when conducting a market analysis.Infrastructure. Sport/Event marketers should watch global trends because these trends often indicate opportunities for the businesses to expand into international markets. By watching economic trends, a sport/event marketer may find that an underdeveloped country is growing and expanding, which presents a market opportunity for the business. One economic factor that a sport/event marketer considers is the country's infrastructure, which is the country's ability to move products into and out of the country. An example of the country's infrastructure is its ability to transport products by water or land. Sport/Event marketers may find it challenging to expand into markets that do not have highways, rail, or effective waterway systems, which make it possible for the sport/event marketer to move its goods and services. Customs and values are social factors. Age is a demographic consideration.Business planning. A snow-ski manufacturer uses the projected sales income to make major business decisions such as scheduling production, setting prices, purchasing materials and equipment, and hiring staff. Information used in training staff and preparing advertising copy comes from other sources within the business. Analyzing past sales, rather than forecasting sales, would be helpful in evaluating salespersons.Reach more customers to increase sales by 20%. The objectives in a marketing plan are intended to lead to sales and an increase in revenue. Reaching more customers is a realistic way of achieving the objective of increasing sales by 20%. If a sport-apparel distributor increases sales by 20%, it will probably increase revenue also. Increasing prices by 50% across the board will probably have the effect of driving away customers who feel the new prices are excessive. A sport-apparel distributor that decreases the salaries of all employees by 10% would be affecting operating expenses rather than revenue. Imposing a 5% surcharge on customers who pay on credit will probably reduce sales and revenues.Objectives are not being achieved. Objectives are the goals that a business, such as a swim and racquet club, seeks to reach with its marketing plan. During the process of evaluating the plan, the swim and racquet club might find that its objectives are not being achieved. If this happens, the swim and racquet club needs to make changes to its marketing plan in order for the plan to be successful. Perhaps the swim and racquet club needs to increase advertising, lower prices, or offer incentives to achieve its marketing objectives. There usually is no need to make changes if membership is steady or increases. A swim and racquet club does not make changes to the marketing plan if regulations are not being enforced or employees are working to capacity.Comprehensive. A marketing audit is an assessment about a sporting-goods retail chain's marketing activities. An effective marketing audit is comprehensive—it addresses all the specific details of the business's marketing activities. When the sporting-goods retail chain uses a systematic, or a step-by-step approach to conduct the marketing audit, the chain is more likely to obtain an in-depth (comprehensive) snapshot of its marketing activities. Effective marketing audits are not general, objectionable, or sensitive.Make decisions about future operations. Treadmill manufacturers keep many types of internal records about their various business activities. These records might contain information about sales, agreements with vendors, financial status, etc. Management and employees use the records to make decisions about day-to-day and future actions. For example, records that indicate that sales are increasing and the treadmill manufacturer is profitable might encourage the business to decide to expand. Monitoring internal records does not help a treadmill manufacturer to track the activities of competitors or understand global economic conditions. Treadmill manufacturers do not use internal records to handle employee problems and complaints.Multistage. When establishing playing schedules, tournament organizers must consider many factors, such as the type of tournament. This is because in some types of tournaments, several games are played simultaneously in different locations over a long period. A multistage tournament is a format in which teams compete at different levels or stages. When a team wins, it moves forward to play another game against another opponent. If a team loses, it is eliminated and no longer plays. The stages of play continue until a champion is determined. A scramble is an unofficial way to play golf in which each member of the four-person team hits a golf ball. A heat is a round of a competition, such as swim meets. Tri-level is not a common term to describe types of tournaments. To outline all of the activities needed to prepare for the event. Production schedules are timetables that establish when each activity will be performed. Before an event can take place, a variety of activities need to be completed to prepare the site or facility. For example, lighting or additional phone lines might need to be installed, or concession stands might need to be stocked. Event organizers plan for when each activity should occur and prepare the schedule to make sure the facility is ready for the event to begin. Setting a time for a rehearsal might be part of the production schedule. Event organizers do not develop production schedules to arrange for the media to broadcast the event or to analyze safety and health considerations for the event.Safe work environment. Sport-equipment manufacturers usually develop procedures and policies for employees to follow in order to maintain a safe work environment. One policy might involve the type of clothing that employees are permitted to wear on the job. Depending on the type of work, employees may be required to wear certain types of shoes or clothing that covers their arms and legs. Employees may not be allowed to wear clothing that might get tangled up in equipment. The intent is to keep the work environment safe for employees. Sport-equipment manufacturers do not require employees to wear appropriate clothing to maintain a comfortable atmosphere, an industrial image, or a sanitary facility. Purchasing. In order for sport/event marketers to fulfill their role in the exchange, or transfer, process, they must buy goods and then sell them to customers. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Management is the process of planning, organizing, directing, and controlling activities in order to achieve goals or objectives.Evaluate its systems and procedures. A procedure is a step-by-step process for performing a specific task. A basketball arena must conduct many tasks to keep it running. To make sure that the basketball arena is operating efficiently, it may evaluate its procedures to see if it should make improvements in order to reach its various goals. A basketball arena would not distribute a survey to competitors or hire an international tax consultant to determine if it is operating in the most efficient manner.Preventive maintenance. Regular inspections help to ensure that equipment is in good repair and will not break down. Vendor analysis is a rating of suppliers in terms of quality, service, and price. Physical inventory is an actual count of items in stock. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to the consumer.A safe work environment. Accidents and their costs can be reduced considerably if a fitness center creates a safe work environment. Unsafe conditions can be prevented more easily than unsafe acts. Therefore, a fitness center should create a safe work environment that prevents its employees from making hazardous mistakes. Comfortable lounge areas, attractive furnishings, and convenient lunch rooms are not factors that help prevent accidents and injuries.To meet new vendors. One reason why sport/event marketers assign representatives to attend trade shows is to meet new vendors. Trade shows usually are annual events that feature exhibits of related goods and services by manufacturers and suppliers. Attending trade shows is an opportunity for sport/event marketers to expand their list of contacts and find new vendors that may offer improved products or better prices. Sport/Event marketers do not attend trade shows in order to visit associates, identify competitors, or contact employees.False, each individual has a work style of his/her own. Most people have a work style that suits them, which they have developed over time. No two people have the same approach. Work style has not been divided into specific categories, although individuals may be categorized as morning or afternoon people according to the time of day at which they are at their best.Predatory. Predatory pricing practices involve setting prices for products below cost in order to attract more customers. When this occurs, smaller businesses cannot effectively compete in the marketplace. Some governments have established laws that require businesses to sell similar goods at a minimum price in order to prevent or reduce predatory pricing. Inflationary, markdown, and competitive are not pricing methods that involve selling goods below cost. Elastic demand. Elastic demand is a form of demand in which changes in price correspond to changes in demand. When customers can afford to spend money and buy products, sporting-goods businesses often respond by increasing prices because there is a demand. However, if customers stop buying because their incomes decrease, sporting-goods businesses usually respond by lowering prices. The goal of most sporting-goods businesses is to keep their prices at a level that is compatible with demand. Market share is a sporting-goods business's share of the total industry sales in a specific market. Product mix is the particular assortment of products that a sporting-goods business offers in order to meet the needs of its market and its company goals. Economic growth refers to growth of the economy in general.Elastic. An elastic demand means that small price changes have a big impact on product sales. The demand for soft drinks at hockey games is elastic because when the prices rose slightly, sales dropped sharply. An inelastic demand means that price changes have little to no impact on product sales. A unitary demand means that changes in price create proportionate changes in product sales. Smoothing is the process of dividing a product into different segments for customers.Life cycle. The product life cycle is the stages through which goods and services move from the time they are introduced on the market until they are taken off the market. The stages in a product's life cycle have an impact on marketing because different techniques are more effective in some stages than in others. For example, in the growth stage, sales grow rapidly and competitors start to offer the same type of product, such as a sport/event business offering certain products because other businesses are successfully selling those products. In this stage, marketers try to make their product appear unique and focus heavily on promotion to attract customers because customers are able to obtain the product from many sources. A brand name is the part of brand identity that can be spoken, including words, phrases, letters, numbers, or any combination of these. A sport/event business deciding to offer certain products is not an example of marketing being affected by a product's intended use or main feature.Intranet. Intranet refers to a business's network of computers that are linked so that the employees can retrieve the same business information. For example, a software program that tracks inventory may be available for the sales department, the shipping department, and the purchasing department to review. A sport-apparel business that uses an Intranet system to manage products maximizes its communications and response time. Generators and memory cards do not allow a sport-apparel business's employees to simultaneously access the product information. Micro-portal is a fictitious term.Opportunity recognition processes. A product opportunity is a situation in which a business acts on the chance to provide a good or service to a market segment that wants a product and is willing to pay for it. Sport/Event marketers develop processes to analyze product opportunities so they can develop unique goods and services to compete in the marketplace. By establishing a systematic, or step-by-step process, the sport/event marketer has a consistent method for recognizing product opportunities on an ongoing basis. Establishing comprehensive business plans, flexible marketing objectives, and positioning strategies are not reasons for developing a system to obtain and analyze consumers' wants and needs.Quantity. Quantity standards specify the amount of work to be done. Quality standards indicate the degree of excellence to be expected from a good or service. Time standards monitor the amount of time needed to complete an activity. Cost standards are used to specify project or product costs.Function sheets. Function sheets contain comprehensive lists of tasks that need to be completed for an event to occur. For example, since food needs to be ordered and prepared for a formal fund-raising dinner, information and activities relating to the tasks are noted on function sheets. By reviewing the function sheets, the sport/event personnel can verify that all steps have been completed to carry out the event. Inventory agenda and production checklist are not common terms used in the sport/event industry. A guest list documents the names of all individuals who are attending an event.Brainstorming. Brainstorming is an idea generation technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. Mind mapping is a creative thinking technique that involves the generation of ideas by associations. Psycho-stimulation is not a term that is widely used to describe idea generation techniques. Idea screening is a step in new product development that evaluates the strengths and weaknesses of each idea.Alteration. Product mix is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business (e.g., sporting-goods manufacturer) offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals. Product mix strategies are the plans the business implements for achieving the company's goals for marketing its products. Alteration is a product mix strategy in which a business makes changes to its products or product lines. Examples of alteration include changing the product's color, changing the appearance of the product's packaging, and changing the product's pricing. Contraction is a product mix strategy in which a business removes or deletes items from the product line. Expansion is a product mix strategy in which a business adds additional items or product lines to its product mix. Collaboration is not a product mix strategy.Modification. Because customers' needs and wants may change over time, sport/event marketers must find products to fulfill the customers' new needs and wants. Sometimes, a business can alter or modify existing products so they better accommodate the customers' needs. Classification, certification, and mollification are not processes that all sport/event marketers use to fulfill customers' needs. Wants. Positioning is a product-mix strategy in which a sport/event business creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. The sport/event business wants a target market to have a positive impression of the product in order to stimulate sales. The desired impression depends on what the target market wants or expects. If the target market wants high-quality products and it is willing to pay a high price for quality, then the sport/event business should use a product-mix strategy that positions the product on the basis of superior quality at a high price. Rather than target markets, sport/event businesses have strategies and polices, while products have benefits.Predictable quality. Consumers expect a brand to provide predictable, consistent quality. They automatically buy satisfactory, reliable brands rather than trying new ones because it makes shopping easier. A descriptive name is a brand name that has fallen into everyday use so that the brand is used to describe every product in the brand's product category, e.g., Kleenex. Market share, the business's portion of the total market, is important to the marketer, not the consumer. Product category is the general grouping of goods or services in which a product is found, and it would not affect the choice of brand.Sport. Celebrity endorsers are often considered to be particularly effective promoting products related to their sport. Their endorsement has a certain amount of authority because they know a lot about those products. Consumers assume they know about the products because they are prominent in that particular sport. Athletes usually are not necessarily effective in promoting products simply because of their background, education, or lifestyle. In fact, their background and lifestyle may be controversial and have a negative effect on endorsements.There is a high demand for customer service. It's the basic law of supply and demand: The supply of employees should always meet or exceed the demand for their services in order for a sport/event business to prevent long customer waits and poor service. If there are only a few members working out in a fitness center, it is actually okay for the supply of employees to go down because it will still be possible to meet the members' service needs. It makes sense that when a sporting-goods store is closed, there will be fewer employees at work. During off-seasons (e.g., summer), it is acceptable to have a small supply of employees (e.g., ski-resort employees) to take care of service demands because fewer guests go to ski resorts during warm weather.Avoid selecting a name already in use by another business. When selecting a brand name, a business should have several of its preliminary choices researched legally. Not only will this help the business ultimately protect its chosen name, but it will also help to avoid selecting—and becoming attached to—names that other businesses may already legally own. Legally researching names will not help avoid names that are unpleasant, nor will it help to stimulate consumers' buying habits. Other types of qualitative, consumer-based, and secondary research can help a business learn these things about potential brand names. The same holds true for determining if a name is adaptable to displays, signage, and advertising.Interactive. A kiosk is a stand-alone structure located in public places and is designed to provide information and sell products. Because the kiosks are interactive, customers can enter information into the kiosk's computer system and obtain what they want instantly. For example, customers can purchase theater tickets at the local cinema's kiosk and obtain concert tickets at an event-venue's kiosk. Generic refers to a type of brand. Kiosks are not portable or seasonable.Copy. Copy is the text of an advertisement that delivers the sales message. Copy may vary in length from just a few words to several paragraphs. Small advertisements don't have enough space for a lot of copy, while large ads may contain many paragraphs of information. Layout is the way in which the elements of an advertisement are arranged. A slogan is a phrase that is easy to remember. Type refers to the characters used to form the words in the ad copy.Products' benefits. The ad should tell readers how they will benefit from a sporting-good as opposed to stressing the products' features or physical characteristics. The promotional mix is the combination, or blend, of marketing communication channels that a business uses to send its messages to consumers. Promotional objectives are the goals the business wishes to achieve through its promotional efforts.A sports apparel company mails its latest catalog to customers who have ordered items within a year. Direct advertising refers to promotional messages that are sent directly to the target market through a medium in which market response can be measured. Catalogs that are mailed directly to established customers represent an example of direct advertising. Unless interactive capabilities are available, television is usually considered a mass medium that has substantial reach but cannot always be measured effectively. Therefore, the options referring to soft drinks and football teams are not examples of direct advertising. Telephone surveys are considered a function related to market research rather than promotion.Designed to attract attention. Direct mail offers are extremely common today. Consequently, many people consider them to be junk mail, and either throw them away or never open them. To avoid this problem, it is important that the mailing piece be designed to attract attention and stand out from all the other offers. The mailing pieces should be unique and interesting enough that recipients are encouraged to open and read them. Using a team's logo on the envelope is one way to attract attention. It is not important to print the mailing piece on expensive paper. Direct mail offers should be personalized and addressed to specific individuals. It is usually more effective to target a specific market rather than send the piece to everyone in the area.Talking with family and friends. Messages are often passed between a sport/event organization's employees to a personal network of family, friends, and neighbors. In turn, these people also have their own network of individuals in which they pass along messages. Although publicity might be generated within an organization through staff meetings and company memos, publicity is not always a topic that is addressed or discussed. Follow-up surveys are usually conducted by specific personnel upon the completion of a specific activity and are not usually used to generate publicity.Public relations. One of the functions of a public relations plan is to establish good relations between the organization and the public. A university's athletic department that decides to prepare stories about the football players to send to their hometown newspapers in order to develop community support is developing a public relations plan. The purpose of the stories is to build support in the local communities for the players and the university. The public relations effort may also encourage local residents to attend the games and may help the university to recruit future students and athletes. Advertising is any paid form of nonpersonal promotion of ideas, images, goods, or services. Sales promotion is promotional activities other than advertising, personal selling, and publicity that stimulate customer purchases. Corporate sponsorship is a business paying the costs to promote a sports or entertainment event.Celebrity appearance. Including celebrities in an event usually adds interest and excitement to the event. Events often hire celebrities to perform during intermissions or half-time periods. Celebrities may be invited to speak before an event begins or to present an award to an event participant. Events usually publicize the celebrity appearance in advance, which attracts attention and encourages people to attend. The event is capitalizing on the fact that people enjoy seeing celebrities and being where they are. Long intermissions usually do not add interest and excitement unless they include entertainment. A dress rehearsal takes place before the event begins. Although sponsors may be recognized during an event, this usually does not add interest and excitement.To achieve their objectives. The purpose of coordinating promotional activities is to achieve objectives, which, for sport/event marketers, usually means increasing sales. Coordinating promotional activities in order to attract customers or event attendees helps to achieve the objective of increasing sales by informing and encouraging customers or event attendees to buy. Sport/Event marketers do not coordinate promotional activities in order to organize products, evaluate policies, or control inventories.Communication skills. Dan displays communication skills when he actively listens to his customers. Ethics, persistence and patience, and education and training are all characteristics of successful salespeople, but they are not displayed by Dan in this situation.Showing appreciation. One way that fitness-equipment salespeople can build relationships with customers is to show their appreciation to customers for their business. Without customers, fitness-equipment salespeople would not have jobs and companies would not survive. Therefore, it is important to let customers know how important they are and that they are appreciated. To do this, fitness-equipment salespeople often send thank-you cards, additional information that may be useful, congratulatory notes if customers have received awards, etc. The purpose is to let customers know that fitness-equipment salespeople are thinking of them and value their business. Entertaining may be appropriate occasionally but not regularly. Salespeople should call when necessary rather than daily, unless there is an important project or issue to discuss. Customers usually evaluate the performance of salespeople instead of salespeople evaluating the performance of customers.Turning a major account into a house account. Sporting goods distributors are expected to behave ethically when dealing with salespeople. Although sporting goods distributors have the right to control and assign accounts, there are ethical ways of doing that. In some situations, a salesperson builds an account to become a major account. As a result, the salesperson earns a high commission. If the sporting goods distributor does not want to pay the high commission, it might take the account away from the salesperson and make it a house account. This is often considered unethical because the sporting goods distributor takes over the account only to avoid paying the salesperson, not because there is a problem with the account. Sporting goods distributors routinely monitor the profitability of each territory, and expect salespeople to reach a certain quota. These actions are ethical. It is also an acceptable practice to terminate a salesperson for poor performance. However, the salesperson must first be given an opportunity to improve.Features. A feature is a physical characteristic of a product (e.g., running shoe). Color is a feature of a product. Standards are statements that specify a product's size, content, and/or quality and are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. Benefits are advantages that customers obtain from using a product. The purpose is the reason or objective of the product.Merchandise. This approach is most effective in terms of sales because it gives the salesperson the opportunity to tell the customer about the merchandise (e.g., golf clubs) and begin to sell the product. The greeting, or welcome, approach is used to create a friendly atmosphere for selling; however, it does not focus the customer's attention on the product. The service approach indicates a willingness to be of service to the customer. The service approach often encourages customers to respond negatively; therefore, it may not be as effective.Related. A related product is a product that can be used with the customer's original purchase. A higher priced product is a product that costs more than the one requested by the customer. New products are items that are new to the business that might be of interest to the customer. A substitute product is an item other than the original request which is suggested by the salesperson when the business does not have the item requested.30. Never take a sponsorship presentation past 30 minutes. Even if you have a great deal of information you'd like to include, you will not be able to hold the decision makers' attention or interest past the half-hour point.Base the exchange on current currency rates. Foreign currency rates change frequently, so a sports marketer should base the exchange on current currency rates. This way, the trade will be a fair one that won't result in lost income to the sports marketer. American bills have a serial number with a letter at the end, but this is not true of all currency. While lodging establishments often require a guest to guarantee a room with a credit card, this is not done when assisting with foreign currency exchange. Accepting a foreign check is very risky because there is a chance that the customer will not have enough funds in her/his account to cover the amount of the check; therefore, exchanging paper currency is smarter.Ask for identification. Many businesses (e.g., sporting-goods stores) ask to see a driver's license and/or a major credit card. The cashier may be required to record the number of the driver's license on the customer's check. A handwriting sample would not be useful since it would simply match the handwriting on the check. Most businesses do not accept a two-party check—a check made out by one party to another who endorses the check and passes it on to a third party. Calling the bank about each check would be time consuming.Physical/Social characteristics of the population. Demographics include such factors as gender, age, marital status, educational level, home ownership, and race. These factors are useful in segmenting the market. Economic conditions, trends, and government regulations are environmental factors that professional sport organizations, such as hockey teams, must study.