Distribution. Business laws are rules that govern activities that involve the production, consumption, and distribution of goods and services. The purpose of business laws is to protect consumers and businesses from the unfair practices of other businesses. Expansion and contraction are stages in the product life cycle. A resolution is an outcome or remedy to a situation.
Sovereign immunity. Sovereign immunity is a universal concept supporting the idea that each country is of equal importance with every other country—each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop its own laws. Because each country structures its government differently, the laws vary from country to country, which makes it difficult to establish international laws that apply to all countries, businesses, and individuals. Countries that value equality and life usually develop laws that support the duty of social responsibility rather than injustice.  Bilateral estoppel and implied jurisdiction are not valid universal legal principles.
Medical bills. A person who is injured while on a business's property can file a lawsuit against the business when the business exhibits negligence. In the example, the Pizza Palace does not exhibit reasonable and responsible behavior because it fails to clear ice from the parking lot, making it dangerous for customers. Usually, when a plaintiff (injured party) sues a business (Pizza Palace), s/he is requesting monetary restitution to cover medical bills that are associated with the injury. Sometimes, a defendant is required to pay for additional damages to the plaintiff, such as lost wages resulting from the injury.  Usually, a business that is involved in a tort lawsuit is not required to pay for the plaintiff's property liens, inheritance taxes, or traffic fines.  
Plaintiffs and one defendant. A class action lawsuit occurs when a group files a petition together against a single entity. For example, a group of consumers (plaintiffs) who have experienced similar side effects from the same medication might file a lawsuit against the pharmaceutical company (defendant) that makes the medication. Class action lawsuits do not involve multiple defendants and one plaintiff. Legal representatives are attorneys. Generally, there are two or more attorneys involved in a single class action lawsuit because each party involved in the lawsuit usually has an attorney to represent them. Pleading is the stage of litigation in which the defendant replies to the petition. There can be many pleading actions during the course of a legal action.
Contempt. Contempt is a violation of a court's legal procedures or a judge's orders. For example, a judge has the authority to issue a contempt citation to a person who disrupts court proceedings with rude or loud comments, because s/he is interfering with testimony or distracting other people in the courtroom. A person who receives a contempt citation might be required to pay a fine and/or serve jail time. Treason is an act of betraying one's country. Slander is a tort that involves making comments that harm another person's reputation. Puffery is an advertising tactic that exaggerates the ability or performance of a product.
Constitutional issues. The United States Constitution is the supreme law that governs the rights and responsibilities of U.S. citizens. The U.S. Supreme Court is the highest court in the land—all other courts are "inferior" to the U.S. Supreme Court. The U.S. Supreme Court hears cases and makes decisions about issues that affect U.S. citizens' rights and responsibilities. Some cases the Supreme Court hears may deal with state authority, procedural laws, or remedies, but these cases must reflect questions or issues that relate directly to the U.S. Constitution.
The Quinlan Company engages in bait-and-switch advertising practices. Many countries have laws that prohibit unethical advertising practices. Bait-and-switch advertising is illegal in many countries. As a punishment for breaking an advertising law, the court system often requires a business to pay a fine to the government. A business that hires a consultant to conduct a tax audit is not breaking any laws. A business that sues a vendor for breach of contract is involved in a tort legal action. Generally, tort laws do not punish guilty parties by requiring them to pay fines to governments; they often must compensate the plaintiff (e.g., The Lloyd, Harris, and Dylan Partnership). A business that charges service fees is not necessarily breaking the law if the clients know about the fees.
Embezzlement. A crime is a wrongdoing against society. An action is defined as a crime by determining if it violates a law and by examining the offender's intent. Embezzlement is the fraudulent use of another person's or a business's property, usually money. For example, if an employee steals or misallocates funds from his/her employer, it is embezzlement. Embezzlement is a crime because it breaks a law and it is an intentional act. Defamation, unintentional negligence, and breach of contract are concepts associated with tort law rather than crimes.
Responsible behavior. Under common law, individuals and businesses are expected to exhibit responsible behavior—this is referred to as the duty of being reasonable. When businesses do not take steps to make their environments safe, they are behaving in a negligent, irresponsible manner. Businesses that exhibit imprecise actions, indifferent attitudes, or defensive conduct may be acting in a negligent manner. These are violations of civic duty.
To allow state agencies to make regulations governed by state legislation. Administrative law at the state level is designed to operate within the codes of the state legislature. Administrative agencies have the power to enact specific regulations within state law. Agencies cannot adapt state legislation to meet their needs. Administrative agencies are not set up to repeal state laws. These agencies do not have the responsibility of passing ordinances in cities, counties, and townships.
Customer injury. If a customer is hurt (e.g., falling on a wet floor) while on a business's property, the business may be legally responsible for compensating the customer (e.g., medical bills, lost wages) because the business was negligent. Businesses can purchase liability insurance to reduce the risk of extreme financial losses due to circumstances such as customer injury. A business purchases commercial property insurance for protection against property loss. Credit insurance protects a manufacturing or wholesale business from losses due to its customers' debt. Disability insurance provides a person with payment in the event the person is unable to work. 
Breaches its duty to care. Duty of care is a principle supporting the idea that each person should use caution, watch out for others, and act in a socially responsible way in a given set of circumstances. A person or business that breaches the duty of care is not acting in a responsible way. Breaching the duty of care means that a person or business is behaving in a negligent way and may be liable or responsible for a wrongdoing (e.g., injury). Duty of care involves acting with reasonable intent, following specific codes of conduct, and attempting to obey local ordinances. Businesses that do this are less likely to be subject to negligent liability.
Judges often make decisions for cases that involve oral contracts between two parties. A contract is an agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. Although it is in the best interest of both parties to document a contractual agreement in writing, it is not always done. Therefore, judges must often make decisions involving oral contracts. Arbitration occurs when a third party makes a final decision regarding a dispute and each party agrees to abide by the decision. Legal decisions (e.g., implied contract disputes) are made by the court system. Contingency contracts usually consist of specific stipulations for certain conditions and tend to be narrow in scope.  
Death penalty. Laws are rules that govern a person's behavior. The purpose of a law is to create order within a group or society, maintain a sense of fairness or equity among people, and protect them from the wrongful acts of others. Ethics are the personal beliefs that govern a person's attitude and behavior. Sometimes, laws can contradict a person's code of ethics and can create controversy among people. For example, the death penalty is a legal form of punishment in some places. Although it is legal, some people do not believe that the death penalty is an appropriate form of punishment under any circumstances. Most people with a reasonable code of ethics would believe that actions that cause bodily harm to others (e.g., premeditated murder, armed robbery, physical abuse) are not appropriate behaviors in any situation and, therefore, do not contradict their beliefs and value systems.
Encourage the hiring of underutilized groups of people. Affirmative action is an effort to provide special employment consideration to disadvantaged (underutilized) groups. The advantages for businesses of using affirmative action programs is that workplace diversity increases, which brings a variety of backgrounds and ideas to the business. Affirmative action does not necessarily increase morale or productivity, or eliminate an individual's personal bias. The purpose of the affirmative action program is not to decrease a business's dependency on technology.
Many workers feel that genetic testing by employers infringes upon their privacy rights.  Employee privacy laws are often broad and many workers feel that some activities violate these rights. For example, a business that requires a person to undergo genetic testing for health insurance coverage purposes might infringe on a person's privacy rights. In addition, some countries allow employers to test employees for drugs and workers believe that this activity infringes upon their rights. Many businesses allow employees to access their personnel records. Employers often have legitimate reasons for obtaining personal (private) information about their employees. Some information helps employers make sure that employees can handle certain tasks (e.g., lifting).  Businesses also release employee information for government purposes (e.g., salary and taxation data).
Whistle-blower. A whistle-blower is an employee who reports his/her employer's illegal or unethical business activities. To protect the employee from experiencing employer retaliation or backlash (e.g., demotion, employment termination), governments develop and enforce whistle-blower laws. E-commerce laws deal with web-based business activities. Antitrust laws address issues relating to competition in the marketplace. Discrimination laws are regulations that deal with the unfair treatment of people based on gender, age, or race.
Jurisdiction. Jurisdiction refers to the authority that a court system has to decide legal disputes. 
E-commerce allows a company to conduct business transactions quickly and efficiently. Because different states, principalities, regions, and countries have different laws and legal procedures, it is often difficult to determine who has the authority to resolve disputes that relate to e-commerce. Presence is the physical location of someone or something. Precedent occurs when a legal decision is based on a legal decision from a previous case that is similar in nature. A resolution is an outcome or decision.
Piracy is difficult to prevent in an easy-access environment. Because millions of people have instant access to the Internet, it is very difficult to protect copyrights. It is easy to copy information and use it or send it to others. Sophisticated technology does exist now to help businesses protect copyrights. Most businesses do have access to the Internet. Finally, while it's true that many people argue for a free and unhindered flow of information, this doesn't affect copyright law for the present moment.
Rules, forms, and decisions. Many courts maintain web sites so that residents in their jurisdictions can gather information about the courts' activities and to gather routine information, such as telephone numbers, contact (personnel) names, and driving directions. The content of the web sites varies, and it is up to the court officials to deem what information is appropriate and necessary. The most likely information that a court may post on its web site includes the court's rules, necessary pretrial forms that lawyers need to complete and file, and court rulings or decisions (opinions) for various cases. Verdicts are often posted but are often reflected in the court's opinion. Most often, testimony is not posted because the jury might be sequestered or the information is too lengthy to post. It would be unnecessary and inappropriate to post the jurors' telephone numbers on the web site without their permission.
Public corporation. A public corporation is a form of business ownership that exists when stockholders purchase units or shares of the company. Because public corporations can sell thousands of shares of stock to the general public, they are subject to strict tax reporting laws, dual taxation, and limited personal liability. Limited liability partnerships, sole proprietorships, and general partnerships are legal forms of business ownership that do not experience dual taxation. Dual taxation means that the corporation is taxed two ways—the company as a unit pays taxes and each shareholder pay taxes.
Eliminates competition in a free enterprise society. The Sherman Act is an antitrust law which encourages competition. For a free enterprise society to be economically stable, healthy competition between businesses needs to exist. Price-fixing means that businesses collaborate to raise, depress, fix, peg, or stabilize the price of products. Price-fixing does not mean that particular businesses will monopolize certain markets. Competition is always good in a free market society. Price-fixing often does not meet the demands of consumers.
Creative expression. Intellectual property is a person's ideas or formulas, which are intangible by nature and are made tangible through creative expression. This creative expression includes numerical notations, scientific testing, words, art, sculpture, processes, recipes, trade secrets, etc. People can protect their intellectual property from the unauthorized use of others by registering with the government for a copyright, trademark, or patent. Intellectual property does not become tangible through applied mathematics, scientific testing, or documented words.
Lobby their governments to impose trade sanctions on countries in which piracy is common. Misuse of copyrighted material is a serious problem for businesses when other countries do not honor a nation's copyright laws. To combat these practices, businesses and industry organizations can lobby their governments to take action against countries in which piracy is a common practice. As a result of the lobbying efforts, a country's government knows about the problem, and can apply pressure to encourage the other nation's government to take action to stop the piracy. Actions such as trade sanctions and refusing membership into world organizations send a strong message to these nations that the behavior of the businesses in their countries is not acceptable. The International Delphi Convention is not a world organization that handles international lawsuits. A business that reorganizes its distribution channels is not necessarily going to prevent international piracy practices. Piracy occurs when another person or company uses copyrighted material without the owner's authorization. Licensing occurs when a copyright owner permits another person or company to use the material.
Novel. Patent examiners have the authority to determine whether a good or process is patentable. Criteria for the determination are broad but the general law requires that the item or process is useful, non-obvious, and novel. Novel means unique, original, or new. A patent holder can file an infringement lawsuit against another party. However, it is possible for the patent holder to lose a lawsuit if the court does not agree with the patent agency's definition of useful, non-obvious, and novel. Patented material is not always concrete or intangible, but it must be either concrete or intangible by being a usable good or a usable process. Patented material is not required to be universal.
Image. A trademark prevents others from using a symbol, design, or work that is used by a producer to identify a good or service. A logo (e.g., Nike swoosh) is used to convey a certain image and create brand awareness in the marketplace. By registering a symbol or design with the government, a business legally owns the symbol or design. Trademarks discourage others from using the symbol or design because unauthorized users can be prosecuted. Copyrights protect a business's information (e.g., formulas, literature, music).  Patents protect inventions. Utility refers to usefulness. A business can apply for a utility patent for a process that improves or increases a business's usefulness.
Remand. When an appellate court judge does not have all of the data that s/he needs to make an informed decision about a dispute, s/he remands the case, and it goes back to the trial court. An appellate court that agrees with the trial court's decision affirms the lower court's actions. When an appellate court reverses a decision, it is overturning the lower court's decision. A defendant is acquitted when criminal charges against him/her are dropped.
Parol evidence rule. Two parties often have verbal discussions about specific points of a written contract before and after signing it. When the verbal discussions differ from the written contract terms, disputes often occur. The parol evidence rule provides judges with guidance in resolving this type of issue. The rule states that verbal agreements that occur before the signing of the written document cannot be used to contradict the written agreement. It also states that oral modifications that occur after signing a written contract are factors that the judge can consider, unless the written contract states otherwise.  Commercial disparagement, proximity of disclosure, and express claim provision are not terms widely used to describe the legal issues relating to oral and written contract disputes. 
Resource allocation. Resources are the things that are used to produce goods and services and to run a business. Business resources might include money, raw materials, personnel, and vendors. A business that has legal problems often moves and uses its resources in other ways. For example, a business might reallocate some of its profits to pay for lawyers. Or, employees might take time away from their jobs to testify on the company's behalf. A distribution channel is the route a product takes to reach the end user. A distribution channel is one of a business's resources and is not always affected by a company's legal issues. Property value is the amount of money that something (e.g., land, equipment) is worth. Purchasing procedures are the guidelines a business uses to buy goods and services. Property values and purchasing procedures are not always primary business components that are affected by a company's legal problems.
Legislative. There are three governing powers of the U.S. government and each area is designed to provide checks and balances for one another. The legislative branch (Congress) makes the laws, the executive branch (President), carries out the laws and the judicial branch (Supreme Court) interprets the laws. Administrative is a source of law rather than a governing power.
Knows about the employee's illegal actions and does not report them. Some countries have laws stating that a manager who knows about his/her employee's illegal activities is subject to prosecution. A manager who authorizes the illegal actions, covers up the activities, or does not use reasonable judgment in his/her supervisory role can also be prosecuted. If a manager can prove that s/he is completely unaware of a subordinate's illegal activities, s/he may not be legally accountable for the subordinate's actions. Generally, a manager is expected to be knowledgeable about the company's policies regarding unethical behavior and illegal activities. Therefore, s/he is often liable for a subordinate's wrongdoing.
Reach a mutually satisfying solution. Mediation is a process in which a neutral third party helps two parties resolve a dispute. The mediator listens to both sides of the issue and tries to find common ground. By finding common ground and working through the issues, a mediator's primary objective is to reach a solution that satisfies the disputing parties. Arbitrators are appointed by a governing body to make a final decision about a dispute. Binding arbitration decisions are not overturned because both parties agree to adhere to the decision before the process begins. An attorney is usually hired to assess a party's legal options related to a dispute, rather than a mediator.
Injunction. A non-compete contract is an agreement between an employee and his/her employer stating that s/he will not work for a competitor if the employee leaves the company or is fired. If a court decides that the contract is valid and must be upheld, an injunction is issued. An injunction is a court order that states that a defendant must stop engaging in a specific activity (e.g., sharing information with a business's competitor). Mediation is a process in which a third party helps two disputing parties reach a mutually satisfying outcome. Negotiation is the process of persuading or influencing someone to take a certain course of action in order to achieve a desired outcome. Arbitration is a process in which a third party makes a decision about a dispute between two other parties.
Serve the formal complaint to the defendant. The first step in the litigation process is the plaintiff filing a complaint with the court. After filing the complaint with the court, the defendant is notified about the lawsuit and is to respond to the complaint within a certain time frame. Lawyers file motions and conduct discovery and investigation activities after the defendant receives the complaint and answers the plaintiff's allegations.
Real estate. A sales contract is an agreement between two or more people or businesses to purchase goods or services in exchange for something else, usually money. In some countries, laws require contract terms for the sale of certain products to be documented. For example, the United States has a provision called the Statute of Frauds, which states the types of contracts that must appear in writing. For example, the Statute of Frauds requires that a person who is buying a house from another person must document (e.g., deed) the sale of the property. The nature of the sales transaction (business to business vs. retailer to consumer) and the jurisdiction determine if the sale of nontoxic chemicals, agricultural goods, and nonprescription drugs require written documentation.
Making an offer. The first step in developing a valid contract involves one party making an offer to do something for a second party in exchange for something provided by the second party. The first party must make known its offer before the second party can review it and decide whether to accept. A valid contract cannot be formed unless an offer is made and accepted. The subject of a valid contract might be selling a product. Two parties might negotiate a price before one party makes an offer to a second party. The party making the offer may set a deadline for the second party to accept or reject the offer.
Is liable for the business's losses. In a general partnership, each partner has unlimited liability. Therefore, each partner is liable for the business's losses. An advantage is that the partners share the profits. In a general partnership, each partner may, or may not, invest the same amount of capital. The partners usually share management duties. Corporations, rather than general partnerships, prepare annual reports.
OSHA. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) is the governmental agency in charge of workers' safety. The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) protects consumers from defective products. The Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) protects investors from deceptive practices. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) enforces the Clayton and Sherman Antitrust Acts, along with investigating deceptive and misleading business practices.
Restrain free trade. In a market economic system, individuals and groups own or control the means of production—the human and natural resources and capital goods used to produce goods and services with some government regulation. The basis of this economic system is to encourage competition and trade in order to maintain a strong economy. Distribution activities (e.g., exclusive agreements) are illegal in some countries because they limit or restrain trade. International trade involves importing and exporting products between two nations. It is important for businesses to control their profit margins so they can compete in the marketplace.
Identify the audience. Before writing informational messages, business employees need to know who the audience is so they can present the message in a way that is relevant to that audience. For example, one audience might be the business's customers while another audience might be the business's investors. The message a business employee sends to customers is very different from the message that will be sent to investors. Before writing informational messages, employees do not need to plan a response or wait for feedback. In most cases, the message will generate a response or feedback from those who read it. The medium is the written message.
Minutes of a staff meeting. Simple written reports are often intended to provide information to the business's employees. An example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis is the minutes of a staff meeting. Businesses often have routine staff meetings and prepare a brief summary to distribute to all employees. This serves to remind employees of the topics discussed and provide that information to employees who may have been unable to attend. Results of a research study, findings of a major investigation, and analysis of a publicity campaign are examples of complex written reports.
Interpret. One of the purposes of a complex written report is to interpret, or analyze, information that pertains to a specific business problem or topic. Complex written reports usually contain a lot of information that must be interpreted in order to be useful to the business. Conclusions are formed based on the interpreted information and then recommendations are made. Information is collected before it is presented in a complex written report. A complex written report may contain unique or confidential information that a business would not want to publicize. Although information is arranged in a complex written report, that is not the purpose of the report.
Sales. A proposal is a formal document that presents the reader with a call to action. When they are planning on making large or expensive purchases, some businesses ask their vendors to submit sales proposals. Because the proposal developer's goal is to get his/her plan implemented, a well-written proposal will tell readers the benefits of purchasing their products. The sales proposal should also address how the products can solve the business's problems. Finally, a well-written sales proposal should address possible objections that the business might have and turn the objections into selling points. A research proposal is a document that involves selecting and analyzing data for a specific topic. An instructor, for example, might require a student to submit a proposal for a research project. Procedural and situational are not terms that businesspeople use to describe a type of proposal. 
Horizontal. An example of horizontal communication would be a memo from one vice president to another. Downward communication involves communications from management to subordinates. Upward communication entails communications from employees to management. Vertical communication may move up or down the chain of command.
Simple and concise. The most effective way of explaining job assignments to employees is to give instructions as simply as possible. Simple instructions that are also clear and concise are the easiest for employees to understand and follow. Detailed and complex instructions are only effective if they are presented in a simple manner that promotes understanding. Brief, vague instructions may not include enough information for employees to be able to perform their assignments. Complicated, obscure instructions would be hard to follow.
Build a clientele. A main reason to interpret policies is to have satisfied customers. Satisfied customers are more likely to become loyal customers and to tell their friends and family about the business. Businesses often encourage their customers to ask questions. Interpreting policies effectively is not related to controlling expenses or understanding customers.
Who makes the purchase. The difference between a consumer good or service and an industrial good or service is simply a matter of who buys the item and for what purpose. If a producer buys an item for use in office work, it is an industrial good. If an individual buys an item for personal use, it is a consumer good. How the purchase is made, the price of the purchase, and when the purchase is made are not deciding factors in determining whether an item is a consumer or industrial good.
Earrings. Opportunity cost is the benefit that is lost when a decision is made to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than for another. In this case, the pair of earrings was given up; therefore, it is the opportunity cost.
Buyer's. A buyer's market is described as the best time for consumers to buy. During a buyer's market, consumers can conserve their money by purchasing products at reduced prices. A seller's market is the best time for producers to sell and is characterized by large demand, small supply, and high prices. Monopolistic circumstances exist when there is only one supplier of a product and no substitute products are readily available. Productive is not a type of market.
Directing. Directing is providing guidance to workers and work projects. An example of directing would include a manager assisting employees with product deliveries. Controlling involves monitoring the work effort. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Organizing is setting up the way the business's work will be done.
Unemployment. If a country is experiencing a time of high unemployment, it often relaxes the monetary policy to stimulate economic growth. For example, interest rates might be lowered to encourage businesses to borrow money to expand. As a result, more jobs become available and the high unemployment problem is eliminated. A country's easy monetary policy is not used to correct the problem of high taxes, globalization, or import quotas.
Profit. The business owner risks his/her investment of money, time, effort, and/or skill. Sales is the revenue coming into the business from which the profits are derived. Expenses are the costs incurred in the operation of a business. Demand is the quantity of goods consumers want and have the means to purchase.
Competition. Competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Fair competition is essential if the private enterprise system is to work as it was intended. Monopolies are allowed to exist in a private enterprise economy only if they are regulated. Exclusive agreements and price fixing are illegal.
Establish a desired level of production. When making decisions about production, businesses usually consider the law of diminishing returns, which states that continuing to add workers when other resources stay the same will eventually lead to a decrease in productivity. Therefore, businesses determine the most appropriate combination of all resources and establish a level of production that will be the most profitable. For example, a business might decide that producing 500 widgets a day will generate the most profit given its current combination of size, equipment, supplies, raw materials, and employees. If it adds another employee, production might increase slightly but profitability would decrease. Businesses want to produce the number of products that will generate the most profit rather than as many products as possible if that means less profitability. Businesses usually do not limit production to leave room for growth. Businesses often try to increase production over time rather than producing the same amount from year to year.
Fixed costs. Economies of scale are characteristics that allow a business to increase output without experiencing a comparable increase in the cost of production. The fixed costs of production remain constant so the overall cost of producing more and more products actually decreases. For example, once an electric plant is built, the cost of producing electricity decreases because the cost of building the facility is spread over more and more units of electricity. In a business that has economies of scale, net profits may increase, which will lead to an increase in income tax. Pay rates usually do not decrease as a result of economies of scale.
5%. The labor force includes those who are working or those who are unemployed but actively looking for work. The unemployment rate is the percentage of the unemployed people in the labor force. To calculate the rate of unemployment, divide the number of unemployed by the number in the labor force (8.5 million ÷ 170 million = .05 or 5%). The rate of unemployment is used to analyze the condition of the economy. A low unemployment rate indicates a healthy economy because most of the people who want to work are working. On the other hand, a high unemployment rate indicates a slowdown in the economy with fewer goods and services produced and many people out of work.
Recession. A recession is a six-month contraction in the gross domestic product. When interest rates continue to increase to a high level, the economy might experience a recession because spending decreases and unemployment increases. As a result, people have less money to spend, and the economy slows down. High interest rates do not lead to expansion, a shortage, or a liability.
Countries have different resources. This is the primary reason that international trade takes place, or the buying and selling of goods and services between nations exists. Some countries can produce some goods more cheaply than other countries because of better access to raw materials, workers with special skills, or more up-to-date machinery. A larger global economy and equal distribution of resources can both be results of international trade rather than causes. Exporting that leads to increased employment is also a result of international trade.
Level of stress. Employees who set realistic goals and standards for themselves rather than expecting perfection all the time are usually able to control and manage their level of stress. It is important for employees to understand that they cannot perform perfectly in all situations and that they will make some mistakes. Being aware of this helps employees to manage stress because they will not set their goals so high that they will often be unable to achieve them. Striving to obtain perfection all the time increases stress and may cause employees to think that they are failures if they don't live up to those expectations. Employees usually advance based on their ability to perform satisfactorily on the job. Managers usually establish work schedules, and expect employees to work in groups when necessary.
Determination. Improving human relations skills requires daily practice. It is an ongoing process. The most important ingredients for success are a positive attitude and personal determination to improve. While external factors may be of concern, intrinsic motivation and attitudes are most significant. Aggression and defensiveness are negative qualities that would hinder effective human relations.
Creativity. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. An effective leader must have the ability to be creative and be able to imagine a better way of doing things. Leadership demands imagination, enthusiasm, and openness to new ideas. A leader knows that out of a hundred off-the-wall ideas, there may be one that works. Discipline involves acting in a controlled manner. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place.
Recognition. Recognition is special notice or attention. It is a powerful motivator and often prompts employees to take action. The motivating power of recognition applies to all areas of a person's life. For example, when employees are recognized for doing a great job on an important project, they are motivated to keep doing great work. Criticism is a response that indicates disapproval. Feedback is a response to a certain behavior or attitude. Leadership is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner.
Looking for areas of agreement that can benefit both sides. People come to agreement more quickly and are more likely to carry through on the agreement if they feel they have gained something in the process. Having a set plan for solving a problem may avoid some unpleasant situations but will probably be too inflexible for the negotiation table. The attempt to be armed with supporting evidence is likely to be seen as antagonistic, rather than cooperative; and the person who is eager to please everyone may end up overriding his/her own interests.
Permanent results. Good visions have permanent results. They are something that other people can carry on for many years even if the person who had the vision is not around. Examples include the right to vote, equal rights, and vaccines for diseases. Visions are abstract rather than concrete. Visions should be simple enough that anyone can understand rather than overly complicated. Some visions are expensive to turn into reality but are worth the price; however, some visions may not justify the price.
Principal amount and interest rate. When people keep their money in a financial institution (e.g., bank), they earn interest on the amount (principal) that they put into the account. The interest is paid to the customer's account by the financial institution. Over time, the customer earns money on the principal by accumulating interest, which increases the future value of the savings account. To calculate the future value of the savings account, it is necessary to know the principal amount, the interest rate, and the length of time that the principal is in the account. Quarterly wages, late fees, annual income, and insurance rates are not elements that will help a person calculate the future value of money in a savings account.
Balance sheet. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. A balance sheet lists a business's assets, liabilities, and net worth at a specific point in time. Business accounting information often is summarized in a balance sheet in order to present the data in a form that businesses can use to make decisions. Fiscal policy is the government policy that sets levels of government spending and taxation. A sales forecast is a prediction of future sales over a specific period of time. A trade report provides information about exports and imports.
$7,400. A business's cash flow includes all the monies going into and out of a business during a certain period of time. The cash flow includes monthly expenses such as salaries and operating expenses as well as revenues from sales and investments. In this example, the monthly sales and income from investments are added together to show how much money came into the company during that month ($30,000 + $1,150 = $31,150). From that figure, subtract the money that is going out of the company: $31,150 - [$9,500 + $14,250] = $7,400 cash flow.
Creditors. Creditors utilize the information generated from a profit-and-loss statement to review the financial status of a business. Creditors are responsible for deciding if a business is granted a loan, or a cash advance, and want to make sure a business has the cash flow to repay a loan. Top executives and managers use the information in making decisions about operations and how to run the company efficiently. Investors would not be of concern in this situation since the company is privately owned.
Anticipated expenses. A budget is an estimate of income and expense for a specific period of time. The purpose of a budget is to help a company and each one of its departments control spending, set goals, and prioritize activities. The person(s) who develops the budget considers many factors such as historical data—previous sales, salaries, etc.—during the same period in previous years. When developing a budget, it is important to factor in anticipated expenses such as professional development (training) and warehousing costs. Because each department has different needs and expenses, professional development and warehousing costs are not anticipated expenses for all departments. Business and departmental needs rather than personal needs are considerations when developing a budget.
Return on investment. Businesses often use the information in a profit-and-loss statement to determine if they are earning a sufficient profit based on what they have invested. By comparing net profit after taxes with the amount of money spent to earn that profit, businesses can decide if they are making a sufficient return on their investment. If the return on investment is low, a business owner might decide that it is not financially worthwhile to remain in business. Balance of payments is the difference between all monies coming into a country and those going out of a country. Market sales potential is the maximum amount of a specific good or service that can be sold in a certain market. Price lining is the policy of selling goods or services at a limited number of predetermined price points.
Consider the demand for the business's product. Business owners often hire additional employees when they expect demand to increase for their products. When a company expects higher sales, it needs to increase its outputs, and therefore, needs more inputs (e.g., personnel) to satisfy the higher product demand. Business owners do not need to obtain government application forms to hire employees. The business owner may not ask current employees to increase their workloads because they may not have the necessary skills to perform the job. Once the business owner determines that there is a need to hire an employee, s/he can advertise the position in the newspaper for outside candidates.
Personal interview. An interview is the dialogue between the applicant and the interviewer, and it is the most widely used selection tool. It gives interviewers a chance to check applicants' appearance and their ability to communicate orally, as well as the opportunity to answer applicants' questions. Application blanks, reference checks, and physical examinations are not useful in determining applicants' oral communication skills.
Personnel records. Businesses are required to maintain a variety of personnel records, some of which deal with salaries paid to employees. Most employees have funds deducted from their salaries to cover their share of the cost of health coverage and pension plans or to participate in a company stock program. These deductions have an effect on the amount of income tax that the employees are required to pay. Businesses keep records of the salaries and deductions to verify the amount the employees contributed and to explain the deductions if necessary. Information about employees' salaries and deductions are not maintained in a business's accounting system, operating budget, or expense reports.
Train. Businesses often assign new employees to work with experienced employees who will be able to help train them. Current employees can help new employees learn their jobs and provide them with information about company procedures. Coworkers would not be asked to supervise, question, or test new employees.
Improving the employee's job performance. A coach is a person (e.g., manager) who enables other people to reach their true potential by helping them to overcome the barriers that are keeping them from doing something they want to achieve. A manager who coaches an employee who is having a problem performing a task or activity at work will usually have greater success improving the employee's job performance if s/he is positive and supportive, and shows a sincere desire to help the employee. The primary purpose of coaching in the workplace is not to obtain a pay increase or to seek additional benefits. Employers evaluate job applications before hiring employees.
By assessing the current work environment. Management should examine the existing work environment in order to identify any equity problems such as unfair hiring practices or unequal pay. Reviewing equity policies and improving communication might be further steps the business would decide to take. The profit-and-loss statements contain financial information about the business.
Remedial action. Remedial action is used by employers to correct and shape employees' attitudes and behaviors in order to improve the employees' job performance. Remedial action may involve retraining, adjustment of attitudes, or a renewed discussion of company policy. Departmental personnel may issue warnings as part of remedial action.
Marketing. This concept is based on the belief that to succeed in business, managers must base their decisions on the wants and needs of consumers. A business that follows a sales concept focuses on making sales regardless of whether the products satisfy the wants and needs of the customer. Product/Service management is a marketing function that involves understanding the concepts and processes needed to obtain, develop, maintain, and improve a product or service mix in response to market opportunities. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome.
Analyze the information. Most businesses maintain customer records that contain information about what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are spending. By analyzing this information, businesses are able to plan future sales and obtain the products that will appeal to customers and encourage them to buy. Without this type of information, businesses might have no idea what customers will want to buy in the future, or how much they will be willing to spend. Businesses do not maintain records about what customers are buying and how much they are spending in order to plan an inventory count, offer quality service, or develop a quality environment.
Plan special sales. Businesses monitor internal inventory records to keep track of the type and quantity of products that are in stock. By monitoring this information, businesses can identify an oversupply of certain products, or products that are slow sellers. The inventory records help businesses decide when it would be appropriate to plan a special sale to get rid of excess inventory or slow-selling items. Keeping these items in stock ties up money that the business could use to buy new products that customers want to buy. Businesses do not monitor internal inventory records to obtain the information needed to organize new displays, evaluate vendors, or create safety rules.
Adequate first-aid supplies. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requires companies of all sizes to have adequate first-aid supplies available for use. Employees should find out where these supplies are located before an accident has the chance to happen. It would also be beneficial for employees to know how to use the first-aid supplies. OSHA does not require companies to have back-up power sources, replacement office equipment, or emergency generator units.
Specialized training on the computer equipment. Specialized training could include making sure employees understand how to operate the hardware and software, how to protect their passwords from use by others, how often to copy computer files, and the proper way to report suspected computer fraud. It is unrealistic to avoid using the computer for sensitive data since most businesses have a certain amount of information they consider confidential. Access to valuable data provides an opportunity for computer fraud. Operators do not need to understand the central processing unit of the computer in order to prevent fraud.
The business can get better prices and services for quantity purchases. A centralized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are held in one department and/or by a few individuals. Combining small, individual purchases into orders of significantly larger quantities is usually cost effective for the purchaser. Centralized purchasing is efficient for businesses with one location rather than several. Centralized purchasing may also be beneficial to vendors, but that is not an advantage to the business.
Guidelines to follow. To achieve quality in a business, management must develop a clear standard for employees to follow and then enforce the standard. Employees need to know what quality of good they are expected to produce or what quality of service they are expected to provide to customers. Having a clear standard will give employees guidelines to follow. Then, businesses need to check regularly to make sure employees are following the standard. If the business discovers problems, it needs to take action and make corrections. Employees usually are not expected to repair equipment. Businesses do not develop standards to achieve quality to provide employees with ways to stay healthy or activities for being safe.
Semivariable. Semivariable costs are expenses that change very little and are not affected by sales volume as much as variable costs. Fixed costs are going to remain the same no matter how many units of a product are produced or marketed. Variable costs vary according to changes in sales volume or sales revenue and can also change in proportion to the number of items produced. Nonoperating costs are costs to the company for goods for which they resell or raw materials that are used to produce goods or services to be sold.
$2,405. Businesses often expand and need more space. Also, rent often increases on a yearly basis. In this example, the business will be leasing additional space next year and will be paying more for the space. To calculate next year's monthly rent, first calculate the cost increase by multiplying the percent of increase by the current rate ($2.50 x 4% or .04 = $.10). Add the increase to the current rent ($2.50 + $ .10 = $2.60). The business will lease an additional amount of space (800 + 125 = 925). Multiply next year's monthly rate by that amount of space to determine the monthly rent (925 x $2.60 = $2,405).
Plan for the unexpected. When planning resources for an important project, a business's legal department should not assume that everything will go correctly. So, it is a good idea to plan for the unexpected and build in a safety net. This is often called "padding." For example, allow a little more time in case project members need to deal with other activities. It is also important to be realistic. Businesses cannot always change their budgets, but they shouldn't try to cut corners and get by with less than they really need. Getting resources at the last minute might cost more money than expected, so being prepared is the best option. Not all businesses need volunteers to complete a project.
Safety. Repairs involving safety issues should receive first priority. A business's maintenance program usually specifies what type of repairs should be performed first, and safety-related maintenance receives top priority because of the possibility of injury to customers and employees. Preventive, replacement, and routine maintenance receive a lower priority because they do not affect safety issues.
Success in life. The most important benefit of setting goals is success in life. In fact, success has been defined as reaching the goals you have set for yourself. Setting goals helps you to achieve success. Recording your progress is just one step to achieving a goal. Reaching your goals before your classmate does is not a benefit because goals are individual and the time to achieve them is individual as well. Short-term and long-term goals form the framework for success.
Certification. Some professions, such as public accounting, require certification to work in the field. In many locations, public accountants are required take certain classes or workshops during a specific time period (e.g., annually) to keep the certification that allows them to work in the profession. Working conditions are the physical surroundings of the workplace. Benefits are the advantages or payments employees receive in addition to their wages (e.g., sick time, vacation, health insurance). Although professional development activities can reinforce or renew a person's interest in his/her career, that is the not primary reason for participating in career development activities.
Yes, this request can be included in a follow-up letter. If it seems appropriate, job applicants can ask at the end of the interview to be notified of the business's decision. If it does not seem appropriate at that time, it is appropriate to include the request in a follow-up letter thanking the interviewer for the interview. Some businesses routinely notify all applicants, but some do not. Asking for this feedback as the first question in the interview would not be appropriate.
Seniority. Some businesses base promotions on seniority, which means that the employees who have been with the business the longest are promoted first. This is a simple method that is effective for certain types of businesses. Employees know that they will move up the career ladder when positions open up and they are next in line. Businesses do not promote solely on the basis of education, personality, or attitude. However, these factors are considered if a business promotes on a basis other than seniority.
Minimum pricing. A business (e.g., retailer) that resells a product below the manufacturer's price may be violating minimum pricing laws, which vary by state or province. Under some circumstances, a business that sells items below the manufacturer's cost can affect a rival business's ability to compete, which can create monopolistic economic conditions. Temporarily reducing prices for promotion purposes does not generally violate antitrust laws. Deceptive pricing and price fixing are illegal, but not because the business is selling products below the manufacturer's price.
Availability of service information. Service information is helpful to customers because it includes a printed list of locations at which the customers can obtain repairs or replacements if the product malfunctions. Feedback from customers can enable the company to make corrections or improvements in its goods or services. Increased profits would give the company more funds for growth and expansion. Establishing clear standards for the business includes setting standards for customer service and company image that would lead to better organization for the entire business.
Lack of product information. Consumer protection is needed because consumers have legitimate complaints about products. They have complained about the difficulty of finding the best buy among several brands when products are packaged in a confusing number of sizes and shapes, the contents are measured in odd amounts, and there is not enough product information. Consumer protection is needed because so many brands are available that consumers have difficulty making choices. Many consumers feel that products are promoted too much. The increase in product technology has contributed to the complexity of the products that are being produced and sold.
Misleading. Businesses use advertising messages to influence purchasing decisions. To protect consumers and businesses, many governments regulate advertising. When a business intentionally omits important information (e.g., price, terms) from its advertising, it is misleading or deceiving consumers. If a government determines that a business is trying to deceive consumers by using advertising, it often requires the business to pay a large fine. The purpose of fines is to deter the business from engaging in the activity in the future. Governments do not usually issue fines for advertisements that are subtle, insecure, or exclusive.
Facts. Facts are true statements. During the selling process, a salesperson must carefully communicate product information to customers, so that the customers do not confuse the facts about a product with the salesperson's opinion. For example, when a salesperson says, "This product is the best item on the market," s/he is expressing an opinion rather than stating a fact. If a customer purchases the product on the basis of this statement, and finds that the item does not work properly, the salesperson and the business might be liable for misrepresenting the product. Skills are abilities to perform tasks that are developed through knowledge, training, and practice. Incompetence is inability to do a task correctly, and indifference is an attitude.
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. It includes identifying the jobs to be performed, assigning responsibility for them, establishing departments to handle the jobs, and determining how many and which employees managers will supervise. Planning involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.
Conflict of interest. Managers might encounter a conflict of interest if they are unable to be objective when making decisions about employees. For example, if they are friends with an employee, they might not want to give that person a negative performance evaluation even though it is justified. In those situations, managers should remove themselves in order to be ethical and allow a manager who is not a friend of the employee to conduct the evaluation. Balance of trade is the difference between the value of a nation's exports and its imports. Span of control is the number of workers reporting to a manager. Return on investment is income received from an investment in a business.
Market. The market is the group of consumers on whom the business focuses its marketing efforts. It is composed of current and potential buyers of the business's products. Economic conditions, the demographic makeup of the local population, and advances in technology affect all businesses.
