Accepted. Contracts are agreements between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. Several elements must be present for a contract to be valid. First, one party must make an offer to do something, such as sell a product for a certain price and deliver it on a certain date. Then, the other party must accept that offer. A valid contract cannot be formed unless the offer is accepted. The offer may be made verbally or in writing. Express and implied are types of contracts that may be formed once the offer is accepted.
Trade restraints. Various regulations that control how the ownership of goods is transferred are intended to prevent trade restraints. One type of restraint of trade is horizontal and involves businesses on the same level trying to form monopolies or drive competitors out of business. Another type of restraint of trade is vertical and involves the various businesses in a chain of distribution forming agreements that also discourage competition. For example, regulations prevent one business from developing exclusive arrangements with another business or setting prices solely for the purpose of restraining trade and making it difficult, or impossible, for others to compete fairly. Regulations that control how the ownership of goods is transferred are not intended to prevent economic competition, property liability, or shipping damages.
Distribution. Business laws are rules that govern activities that involve the production, consumption, and distribution of goods and services. The purpose of business laws is to protect consumers and businesses from the unfair practices of other businesses. Expansion and contraction are stages in the product life cycle. A resolution is an outcome or remedy to a situation.
Many sources. International laws are rules the govern behavior and relations among nations and their citizens, visitors, and businesses. Because each country has different legal structures and cultural characteristics, international laws reflect a combination of many sources—treaties, individual laws of each nation, and various organizations. International laws apply to all economies, not only the powerful ones.
The U.S. Congress. A primary source of law provides the foundation for societal rules. In the United States, the U.S. Constitution is the supreme primary source of law. The U.S. Constitution is the basis upon which other sources develop, implement, enforce, and interpret various types of laws. Laws that are written and passed by the U.S. Congress (Senate and House of Representatives) are called federal statutes, which are sources of primary law. State laws and administrative agencies (e.g., Federal Trade Commission) are sources of primary law but are not enacted by the U.S. Congress. The U.S. Supreme Court interprets laws.
Prosecutor. A crime is a wrongdoing against society. The plaintiff is the accuser or alleged victim of a crime. In a criminal trial, the prosecutor represents the case for the accuser and is usually a government official. The public defender is the attorney that represents the defendant or the accused.  A principal is a person who hires an agent to conduct business activities on his/her behalf. The grand jury is a group of people who determine if there is enough evidence to bring a case to trial. 
Federal district. The U.S. federal district court hears cases that involve a federal question, the diversity of citizenship, or those in which the U.S. is a party (defendant, plaintiff). Since the U.S. government is the plaintiff that is accusing the defendant (company president) of insider trading, the federal district court presides over the case. State supreme courts and state appellate courts hear cases involving state matters, rather than federal ones. Probate courts deal primarily with cases involving wills and estates.
Fine. A remedy is an action that a governing body imposes to correct a wrongdoing. A business that does not file its tax return on time would most likely pay a monetary fine to the government. Severe infractions such as embezzlement or intentional physical harm would most likely require a person to serve a prison term. Parole is an aspect of remedy in which a person is released from prison with the stipulation that s/he must follow certain guidelines that the court establishes. When a jury or governing body finds that a person is not guilty of a tort or crime, it is called an acquittal. 
Criminal punishments often involve prison sentences while tort punishments do not. A person who commits a wrongdoing against society is guilty of a crime. A tort is a private wrongdoing against another person. Punishments for crimes and punishments for torts are different. A defendant who is guilty of a crime receives his/her punishment in a variety of ways, which might include serving a prison sentence and/or probation, conducting community service, paying government fines, or performing a combination of these options. Tort punishments usually involve paying monetary compensation to the plaintiff or stopping the activities that violate the plaintiff's rights.
Negligent. Tort laws address issues about private wrongdoings against individuals. When a person does intentional or unintentional harm to another, the person is behaving in a careless or negligent manner, which violates the tort duty to care. Systematic means orderly. A person who acts in a systematic, cautious, or sensible manner is not necessarily violating his/her duty to care.
Cost of duty. To recover damages from a business charged with the tort of negligence, the plaintiff must prove four things: the existence of a duty, the breach of that duty, the existence of an actual injury, and the cause of that injury. The plaintiff is not required to prove that the duty was discharged at a cost to the defendant (business).
No, directors who show reasonable duty of care are not always liable, and are protected by the business judgment rule. A corporation's directors may be liable for the negligent actions of a company employee if evidence exists that the director ordered, knew about, or covered up the action. The business judgment rule protects a director from liability when evidence indicates that the director exhibited duty of care. Police do not always investigate all business torts. Professionals (doctors, lawyers, accountants) purchase malpractice insurance. The Commerce Liability Provision is a fictitious term.     
Perform certain activities or fulfill obligations. A court considers several criteria when determining if a contract is valid. A valid contract is a mutually beneficial agreement between two parties in which both parties promise to perform certain activities. Also, the contractual activities must not break any laws. A valid contract does not require that the involved parties use mediation to resolve their differences, that each party accept responsibility for all of the other party's actions, or that each party retain an agent.
remedies involve performing or not performing certain activities rather than awarding money damages. Uncontested, redemptive, and unconditional are not terms that courts use to describe types of remedies.
Quotas. Quota programs often serve as unlawful infringement on the rights of majority groups, such as white males. Businesses that institute affirmative-action programs should set goals that demonstrate an honest effort to recruit minorities without establishing quotas. Title VII prohibits discrimination against any group. Government contractors are required to have affirmative-action programs. Unions are not unlawful and are not necessarily interconnected with affirmative-action programs, but instead have members from majority and minority groups.
Many workers feel that genetic testing by employers infringes upon their privacy rights.  Employee privacy laws are often broad and many workers feel that some activities violate these rights. For example, a business that requires a person to undergo genetic testing for health insurance coverage purposes might infringe on a person's privacy rights. In addition, some countries allow employers to test employees for drugs and workers believe that this activity infringes upon their rights. Many businesses allow employees to access their personnel records. Employers often have legitimate reasons for obtaining personal (private) information about their employees. Some information helps employers make sure that employees can handle certain tasks (e.g., lifting).  Businesses also release employee information for government purposes (e.g., salary and taxation data).
Illegal actions. A whistleblower is a person who reports unethical behavior or actions. The government developed whistleblower laws to encourage workers to report their employers' unethical and/or illegal actions to the appropriate law-enforcement authorities. The whistleblower laws also protect the whistleblowers from employer retaliation (e.g., job loss) for reporting the unethical or illegal behavior. Financial activities, hiring practices, and business policies may or may not be illegal actions that whistleblowers report.
Gambling. Many governments regulate gambling activities, which may be illegal in certain areas. Because anyone can access the Internet and gamble online, jurisdiction and law enforcement is difficult. Trespassing, shoplifting, and picketing are not activities that people can do online.  
Privacy rights. The growth of Internet use and e-commerce has led to many legal problems and issues involving web-site visitors' personal information. Technology is growing at a rapid rate, which makes it easier for individuals, businesses, and computer hackers to track a person's Internet history and purchasing habits and then sell the information to other businesses. Because these activities violate privacy rights, businesses must be careful to follow laws and develop and publish privacy policies for posting on their web sites, which may reduce potential lawsuits. The specific example of collecting and selling personal information from a web site is not associated with business-ownership options, patents, or computer viruses. 
Rules, forms, and decisions. Many courts maintain web sites so that residents in their jurisdictions can gather information about the courts' activities and to gather routine information, such as telephone numbers, contact (personnel) names, and driving directions. The content of the web sites varies, and it is up to the court officials to deem what information is appropriate and necessary. The most likely information that a court may post on its web site includes the court's rules, necessary pretrial forms that lawyers need to complete and file, and court rulings or decisions (opinions) for various cases. Verdicts are often posted but are often reflected in the court's opinion. Most often, testimony is not posted because the jury might be sequestered or the information is too lengthy to post. It would be unnecessary and inappropriate to post the jurors' telephone numbers on the web site without their permission.
Protect the competitive environment. In business, competition is the rivalry between two or more businesses to attract scarce customer dollars. Antitrust laws are regulations that prevent a person or company from taking any actions to restrain free trade and competition in the marketplace.  Interstate commerce refers to business activities that take place over state or principality borders. The purpose of antitrust laws is not to restrain interstate commerce, increase stock values, or control tax rates.
To acquire royalties and elevate public knowledge and awareness. An author might authorize an outside agency to use his/her work for the purpose of monetary gain or to raise public awareness. Often times, outside agencies help to make authors famous through high levels of publication. Most likely, an author would not license other writers to utilize material for criticism purposes; critics don't need copyrights to comment on writers' works. Most writers do not want to give up copyright rights because this would allow someone else to use and control their works. Usually, when writers authorize someone else to use their work, they receive royalties in return; they do not usually authorize use of their work to establish a reputation for sharing.
The employer. A copyright is the legal protection of books and other artistic works that the government grants, and it gives the owners sole rights to the artistic works for a certain time. Under certain circumstances, such as when an employee creates a work on the job, the employer owns the copyright. This situation is covered under the "made for hire" provision and is part of the United States Copyright Act of 1976. Therefore, the employee, the printer, and the directors do not own the brochure's copyright.
Employee signs an agreement that transfers ownership of the patent. Many businesses hire employees to create or invent goods and services to sell. A patent legally provides the owner the sole rights of the new product for a certain amount of time. When an employee invents a product as a part of his/her job duties, ownership rights generally belong to the employer. To further protect the business's legal ownership of the invention, it is best for employers to have employees sign an invention assignment agreement at the time of hire. This agreement is a document that transfers invention ownership from the inventor (employee) to the employer. The government issues patents rather than a trade association. Applying for a utility patent does not automatically transfer patent ownership rights. A nondisclosure clause is a statement in a contract in which the employee promises not to tell others (e.g., competitors) about the employer's trade secrets.
Distribution of knock-off goods. Knock-off goods are products that look like well-known brand items (e.g., designer handbags, Rolex watches) and are sold at a much lower price. A government-issued trademark protects a producer's symbols and designs from being used by others. A business with a trademark can file lawsuits against others who are attempting to profit from look-alike items. Economic sanctions are trade restrictions placed by one country against another country that is violating international law. Tariffs are taxes on imported goods and are not necessarily illegal. Trademarks do not protect a business from economic sanctions and tariffs. Licensed products are goods that carry the name or logo of an organization that authorizes another organization to make and distribute the items for sale. A business that authorizes an organization to use its trademark is usually increasing the level of licensed products, rather than reducing them. 
Posttrial. Four distinct stages of the civil litigation process are the pleading stage, the pretrial stage, the trial stage, and the appellate stage. The posttrial stage does not exist in the civil litigation process. Once the trial is over, the litigation process ends.
Revise its budget. A company that does not understand the legal issues and regulations that affect the business may be unintentionally violating the law. Depending on the nature of the violation, the government may penalize the company by ordering it to pay a high fine. Because the business may need to take the money it allocated for different business purposes and use it to pay the fine, the company may need to revise its budget. If the company lacks money for business activities because of the fine, it would not increase its promotion or spending. The company does not necessarily need to revise its business structure, either.
Request a jury trial. The defendant (accused) has the right to request a jury trial as stated by the Constitution's sixth amendment (Bill of Rights). The court magistrate rather than the defendant determines bail amount. The criminal defendant can avoid arrest and resist indictment, but these are not rights granted by the U.S. Constitution. In fact, avoiding arrest and resisting indictment may cause the defendant to experience additional legal problems. 
Enforced. Procedural laws are written rules that govern the way that substantive laws are enforced. Substantive laws are written rules that protect peoples' rights and state their societal duties. For example, substantive laws protect the right to own property. Procedural laws govern the way the court can prosecute a person who damages or steals property from the owner. Procedural laws do not define how to negotiate, position, or resolve substantive laws.
Created a hostile work environment. If a plaintiff can prove that a business manager has intentionally or unintentionally created a hostile work environment, the manager and/or the employer may be subject to a lawsuit. To prevent harassment in the workplace, businesses should provide their managers with training and information about appropriate and legal workplace behavior. Because of inappropriate behavior, the employer often dismisses or fires the manager. Companies do not usually fire managers who follow company rules and policies, understand goals and objectives, or refuse to engage in gender harassment.
Reach a mutually satisfying solution. Mediation is a process in which a neutral third party helps two parties resolve a dispute. The mediator listens to both sides of the issue and tries to find common ground. By finding common ground and working through the issues, a mediator's primary objective is to reach a solution that satisfies the disputing parties. Arbitrators are appointed by a governing body to make a final decision about a dispute. Binding arbitration decisions are not overturned because both parties agree to adhere to the decision before the process begins. An attorney is usually hired to assess a party's legal options related to a dispute, rather than a mediator.
Settled in civil court. Contracts are agreements between two or more people stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. Contract law is a branch of civil law, which addresses wrongdoings and private issues between two parties. Because litigation is very expensive, a contractual disagreement is heard in civil court as a last resort, if it cannot be settled through mediation or arbitration. Mediation and arbitration are methods of contract resolution that involve neutral third-party intervention outside the court system. Appellate courts review lower court decisions and focus on procedural issues. A grand jury is a group of people who review the evidence and information about a situation or case. If the grand jury determines that enough evidence exists to prosecute a person for a crime, then the defendant is charged with the crime. 
During voir dire. Voir dire is a term that describes the process of selecting members of a jury for a trial. The jury selection process occurs after depositions and interrogatories are filed, after the pretrial conference occurs, and before a verdict is rendered.  
Involvement of agents. Agents typically do not take ownership of a product. They are representatives of the buyer or seller and do not take title to the goods. During the distribution process, either the buyer or the seller owns the goods rather than the agent. Availability of the product, country in which the product is produced, and the physical characteristics of the product are factors when determining the best physical distribution path to follow. They do not determine legal ownership.
Coercion. Coercion occurs when one business forces another business to carry its products. The use of force is unethical although it might not be illegal. For example, Business A tells Business B that it must buy Business A's products if Business B expects Business A to buy the products of Business B. Business A is forcing Business B to buy its products. Outsourcing involves obtaining assistance from outside the business to achieve the business's objectives. Bundling involves selling several products together as one package. Deception involves trickery and deceit.
Written. Written communication involves putting ideas, thoughts, and agreements into words and writing those words in a document or letter. Written communication is often considered to be formal because a copy of the information exists which indicates that all parties involved received the same message. Businesses often use formal written communication in order to document important transactions and preserve the information for future reference. Verbal communication involves speaking. Lateral communication is between people on the same level. Upward communication is from employees to supervisors or managers.
Motivating. One of the purposes of writing persuasive messages is to convince someone to take action. To be effective, the language in the message should be motivating so the individual wants to take the action. For example, motivating language in a sales letter should persuade readers to want to buy a good or service. Motivating language might include words or phrases such as "discount," "free delivery," or "easy credit terms." It is not important to use language that is graphic, technical, or flexible when writing persuasive messages.
Appendix. Complex reports often include a variety of printed materials, such as charts and graphs that support the information discussed in the reports. The supplemental material may be too lengthy to include in the body of the report, but is necessary for its credibility. Information of this type usually appears in the appendix section of the report. The summary is a brief review of the contents of the complex report. The conclusion discusses the findings of the report. The bibliography contains a listing of the resource materials used to prepare the report.
Narrow the topic. Proposals often are intended to explain and provide a solution to a business problem. Before writing a proposal, it is important to narrow the topic because many problems are too broad to cover in one proposal. An example is writing a proposal to improve the image of a business throughout the world. For the proposal to be effective, the topic needs to be narrowed to focus on specific aspects of the problem, such as developing an effective promotional campaign. It is not important to read the business's mission statement or contact a research firm before writing a proposal. A summary is an overview of the proposal that is prepared after the proposal is written. 
Be the leader. If a business is large, each department often has regular staff meetings so the manager can communicate important information to employees and keep them informed about current issues. When participating in these staff meetings, the department manager is the leader—the one who runs the meeting and keeps the employees focused on the agenda. As the leader, it may be necessary for the manager to encourage employees to participate or prevent arguments. The manager usually appoints an employee to record the minutes. Managers oversee and encourage the discussion rather than dominate it. Managers should follow the agenda they set for the staff meetings rather than expand it during the meeting.
Encourage everyone to participate. When conducting staff meetings, managers should encourage all employees to participate. The purpose of a staff meeting is for all employees to take part and share their ideas in order to make decisions and solve problems. Staff meetings usually are successful when everyone has an opportunity to contribute and present information. During staff meetings, managers should not allow one person to monopolize the discussion or let only a few people contribute. The purpose of the meeting is to resolve issues.
Distractions. Distractions turn employees' focus away from customers and prevent them from providing quality service. In order to concentrate on devoting their full attention to customers, they should avoid becoming distracted by other things going on around them, such as coworkers' conversations or the amount of work piling up on their desks. An impression is a sense or image that someone has about another person. Emotions are strong feelings. An aggravation is an irritation or annoyance. Employees routinely form impressions, feel emotions, and experience aggravations during the day, but they should try not to let these things distract them from focusing on their customers.
Understand the business's policies. Salespeople must have a clear understanding of the business's policies in order to explain them to customers and to answer questions. Management is responsible for setting policies. Salespeople are expected to interpret and to implement policies, and they do not need permission to do so. The salesperson must follow the business's policy even if s/he disagrees with it.
Suspicious. These customers question everything. Frequently, they want facts and proof before being convinced that what the salesperson has said is true. Although these customers are hard to help and difficult to change, they can become your most loyal customers. Domineering/Superior customers are overly self-confident. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant and hard to help because they are complaining, argumentative, irritable, insulting, impatient, and/or have a leave-me-alone attitude.
Industrial. Industrial goods are purchased by producers for resale, to use in making other goods and services, and/or to use in business operations. All of the other alternatives are consumer goods. Convenience goods are consumer goods purchased quickly and without much thought or effort. Specialty goods are consumer goods with special or unique characteristics consumers are willing to exert special effort to obtain. Shopping goods are consumer goods which are purchased by consumers after comparing goods and stores in order to get the best quality, price, and/or service.
Seller's. A seller's market exists when demand is great and supply is small. Nashville consumers would be demanding air conditioners; however, since the weather has been continuously hot, the air conditioners would probably be in short supply. A buyer's market exists when there is a large supply and small demand. A monopolistic market exists when there is only one supplier or producer of a good/service and no substitutes are readily available. There would be no need for government regulation under these circumstances.
Training. Providing training programs for employees helps to fulfill businesses' social responsibility to their employees. Such training usually results in increased job satisfaction, and most businesses feel it is money well spent. Training is beneficial to employees and may lead to promotions and pay raises. Businesses usually do not offer financing, although some large organizations operate credit unions.
Snowstorm. Natural risks result from causes such as floods, tornadoes, fires, and other conditions of nature. A snowstorm can slow down a delivery service's operations schedule and cost the company heavily through extra labor costs, damage from accidents, and a decrease in customer service. Accidents are human risks. Government intervention and rising prices are economic risks.
Improve public welfare. Government intervenes in the economy by operating public welfare programs for the benefit of people who are unable to provide for themselves. Some of these public welfare programs are food stamps, aid to dependent children, and unemployment compensation. These programs not only benefit the persons who need them, but they benefit business as well. Providing unemployment compensation and aid to dependent children are not ways that government intervenes in the economy to protect private property, set safety standards, or manage yearly spending.
Earn higher wages. Most people work in order to achieve a certain standard of living. Workers who want more of the good things of life know they must increase their productivity in order to earn higher wages with which to buy the things they want. Increasing productivity does not enable workers to take longer vacations, obtain more benefits, or pay higher taxes unless their increased productivity is rewarded by raises or added benefits.
Hiring too many workers. The law of diminishing returns states that, at some point, adding more resources does not proportionately increase productivity. For example, adding more employees when there is limited space and equipment will eventually have a negative effect on production because overcrowding will occur and no one will be able to work efficiently. Businesses apply this law when deciding whether to hire more employees because they do not want to hire too many workers. It is not important for businesses to understand the impact of the law of diminishing returns to avoid misinterpreting economic trends, paying high interest rates, or importing a lot of products.
Underemployed. The underemployed include workers who are working part-time when they want to work full-time, or who are overqualified for the job they currently have, but cannot find a job that matches their skills. The underemployed are not included in the unemployment rate because they are working. However, this category is an indication that there is a problem in the economy because there are not enough jobs for qualified workers. For example, a college graduate with a degree in marketing who is working part-time as a clerk in a retail store because s/he could not find an appropriate job is underemployed. The unemployment rate only includes those people who are out of work and actively seeking employment. The unemployment rate includes workers who have been terminated. These workers might be professionals or semiskilled.
Interest rates. Interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. It is the price of borrowing money. When interest rates are low, individuals and businesses often borrow more money, which increases the level of spending in the economy. However, when interest rates are high, the price of borrowing money is also high. As a result, individuals and businesses usually borrow less, which decreases the level of spending in the economy. Bank deposits, stock options, and trade barriers usually do not have a significant impact on the level of spending in an economy.
Laws and attitudes. Rather than ship locally produced goods to foreign countries, many corporations locate factories and businesses abroad. These companies must comply with the different laws and attitudes of each nation in which they operate. Trade barriers are designed to limit trade by the use of tariffs, quotas, and licenses. Inspection standards regulate the quality of the products that countries allow to be imported. Balance of trade is the difference between a nation's exports and its imports.
Ethical. Satisfied customers often tell employees that they are pleased with a good or service. When this happens, it is ethical to ask the customer to pass on that information to management. Favorable comments from customers carry more weight than information provided by employees. In most cases, satisfied customers are willing to write a short letter or make a phone call expressing their satisfaction. Employees who ask customers to do so are behaving ethically because they are simply asking customers to be truthful. Politely asking customers to pass on favorable information is not an example of aggressive, questionable, or unfair behavior. This practice is common in business and intended to let management know that employees are performing effectively.
Credibility. Credibility is believability. In order to convince others of your point of view, you need to be believable. In this case, Brian's coworkers need to believe that he knows how to keep records before they can be persuaded to try his method. None of the other alternatives would help Brian to convince others of his point of view. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so. Passiveness is the failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. Aggressiveness is the willingness to ignore the rights of and exploit others in order to achieve personal goals.
Interests. The key to successful negotiation is to focus on interests. Interests are the things that you and the other person want or need. You must consider the other person's interests as well as your own. Skill is the ability to perform a task through knowledge, training, and practice. When negotiating, one person may not necessarily know the other person's skills. Standards are specifications or statements that are used as a basis for comparing or judging goods or services. A procedure is the step-by-step process someone follows when performing a specific task.
To maintain productivity. Stress is a mental, physical, or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Excessive stress can have a negative effect on employees, such as reducing productivity. When employees feel stress, they may not work efficiently. Also, stress may cause employees to miss work because of stress-related illnesses. To maintain productivity, many businesses develop activities and programs that help employees reduce stress. For example, some businesses provide recreational activities such as exercise programs during the work day. Some businesses provide quiet areas for employees to relax or listen to music. The intention is to reduce stress so employees will remain healthy and productive. Businesses do not develop programs and activities to help reduce employee stress to encourage creativity, eliminate conflict, or exhibit empathy.
Team building. Team building is the use of cooperative efforts among employees and management to accomplish company goals and objectives. Many businesses have found that teams are effective in finding solutions to problems because all members of the team feel a sense of ownership for the decision. The members work together to identify the best possible solution, contribute equally to the process, offer ideas and information, and share in the success. In many cases, the team has the authority not only to find a solution but to implement it, which leads to a feeling of pride in the team's accomplishments. Teams usually encourage and reward creative thinking. Project staffing involves identifying employees to work on a particular project. Office restructuring involves changing the way a business is organized, such as downsizing.
Matches the person's cultural background. Effective recognition relies on the giver's sensitivity to the cultures of others, who may or may not share the giver's enthusiasm for certain holidays, music, or entertainment. Recognition does not have to be something the giver would like to receive; the focus here is on the receiver's likes and dislikes. It also does not have to inform others of the accomplishment. It does not have to be something everyone can use, such as money or a gift certificate. In fact, personalized rewards and recognition are better.
To be competitive. Businesses must compete with each other for customers. The convenience of being able to buy now and pay later is often the deciding factor for customers when they are selecting a company with which to do business. Extending credit to customers does not help the business to purchase stock as needed. It may, in fact, make it more difficult since the business may not have as much cash on hand to pay for stock as it would if its customers paid in cash. Extending credit is an expense to the business, not a saving.
Verify credentials. When selecting a financial-services provider, it is important to make sure that the provider is qualified. One way to do this is to verify the provider's credentials. In many areas, financial-services providers must pass an exam or obtain a license. These credentials verify that the provider has the necessary training and background to give financial advice, help develop financial plans, and make investments. Although it is usually necessary to make an appointment to meet with a financial-services provider, that is not an important step to take when selecting the provider. Individuals organize their records before meeting with a financial-services provider. Planning an investment takes place after selecting a qualified provider.
$67,500. The accrual method of accounting records transactions at the time they occur, even if no money changes hands at that time. This method is used by many businesses, especially those that extend credit. Since credit purchases are never paid for at the time of purchase, the accrual method keeps the business up-to-date on the amount of sales rather than on the amount of cash received. If a business made $25,000 in credit sales and $42,500 in cash sales in one month, accounting records would show $67,500 in sales for that month even though the money for the credit sales had not yet been received. Monthly sales do not include cash-on-hand or wages.
Opening Cash Balance + Cash Receipts - Cash Disbursements. A cash flow statement is a financial summary with estimates as to when, where, and how much money will flow into and out of a business. Preparing a cash flow statement begins with cash on hand (Opening Cash Balance). To that figure, all cash flowing into the business (Cash Receipts) is added. Then, all cash flowing out of the business (Cash Disbursements) is subtracted. The result is the new cash balance.
No, the consumer pays the sales tax. The sales tax is paid by the ultimate consumer rather than the business that buys goods to resell. If the business purchased the goods to use in the operation of the business, then the invoice would include sales tax. The manufacturer does not pay the sales tax. The business does not claim the sales tax as a tax deduction.
Communicate it to all employees. To make sure their budgets are effective, businesses should communicate them to all employees. Even the best, most accurate budget is ineffective if no one sees it. Effective budgets are those that have been clearly communicated to all employees, so that each person in the company is aware of his/her effect on the company's profits. All employees should receive this information, not just top managers. Businesses usually send annual financial statements rather than budget information to their stockholders. Specific budget information usually is not posted on company bulletin boards.
Marginal revenue. Marginal revenue, or the extra revenue associated with the production and sale of one additional unit of output for a business, is determined by dividing the change in total revenue by the marginal product. Businesses calculate marginal revenue to determine if they are earning the desired amount of profit by increasing production and selling more items. The break-even point is the level of sales at which revenues equal total costs. Earned income is the amount earned by an employee. Cash flow is the movement of funds into and out of a business. 
Cash. Budgeting cash assures adequate resources to meet expenses. A capital budget is a financial plan for replacing or acquiring fixed assets. A merchandising budget helps to plan and control purchase of goods for resale. An income statement budget shows expected sales, costs, and expenses for a specific future period.
$3,297.72. Businesses are required to collect and to remit to the state government all state sales taxes that they collect. In this case, multiply the business's total taxable sales of $54,962 by the tax rate of 6% to determine the amount of tax ($54,962 x 6% or .06 = $3,297.72).
12. If ABC Company has 1,000 clients who each must be called on once a month, multiply the number of clients by the number of months in a year to determine the total number of yearly sales calls (1,000 x 12 = 12,000). If the average sales representative can make 1,000 calls per year, divide the yearly number of calls by 1,000 to determine the number of sales representatives needed (12,000 ÷ 1,000 = 12).
To reduce turnover. Most businesses conduct exit interviews with employees when the employees are leaving the business. The purpose of the exit interview often is to determine why the employee is leaving and to find out if there are problems in the business that caused the employee to leave. Businesses use this information to make changes in order to reduce the rate of employee turnover. If the turnover rate is high, there may be a main cause, such as inadequate training or poor supervision, that the business can correct in order to keep employees. Businesses do not use the information they obtain during exit interviews to identify competitors, although businesses often ask employees where they are going. Businesses do not necessarily increase pay because of the information obtained during exit interviews, because pay is often not the main reason that employees leave. In most cases, businesses use the information to make changes in order to keep valued employees.
Workshops or seminars. Workshops or seminars may be external or internal sources of training, on the premises or at an outside location. They are often conducted by trade or management associations. Internships combine classroom instruction with on-the-job training in a variety of scheduling arrangements. On-the-job training provides instruction for the employees at the work site, and they learn by doing the job. Job rotation allows an employee to learn several related jobs, one at a time, until the training process is completed.
Motivation. Motivation is the process of getting employees to strive to achieve management's objectives because they want to achieve them. When an employee feels validated and that his/her work is important and appreciated by management, s/he is more likely to be motivated to keep performing at the same level or at a higher level. Informal recognition or praise does not usually distract employees or make them feel apathetic (indifferent). Because some jobs must be done a specific way, an employee's flexibility is not always affected by informal recognition or praise.
Increase in turnover. Simply listening to complaints is not enough. Businesses must take action to resolve the employee's dissatisfaction. If action is not taken, a minor complaint may mushroom into a major problem and cause an increase in employee turnover. If employees feel that their concerns are not being addressed, they may decide to find employment elsewhere. Increased turnover is expensive because it is costly to continually hire and train new employees. Besides an increase in turnover, employee dissatisfaction may result in an increase in work slowdowns, a decrease in morale, and an increase in employee pilferage.
Corrective. There are two general approaches to remedial action that supervisors can use: preventive and corrective. Preventive discipline is essentially an approach to managing people in such a way that behaviors which would require discipline are prevented. One action that supervisors can use to prevent discipline problems is open-door management: a policy permitting employees to voice their complaints, grievances, or problems to successively higher levels of management. Corrective discipline is intended to discourage further violations after infractions have already occurred. It may consist of one or several forms of action including progressive discipline, corrective counseling, and constructive criticism. Termination-at-will is a policy that allows for the discharge of any employee without cause, provided there is no legal restriction or contract which applies to the situation.
Make sure customers know how the information will be used. Ethical behavior involves doing what is right. When businesses collect marketing information from customers, it is ethical to make sure customers know how the information will be used. Then, customers have the opportunity to decide not to provide information, or to provide only certain types of information. It is not ethical to mislead customers in order to obtain marketing information. It may be considered unethical to gather data from only a few customers in one area because the results will not be representative of the market. Customers have the right to know who is sponsoring and paying for the research project. It is usually considered unethical to sell customer information unless customers are aware of this practice and agree that their information may be sold.
Distribution. Distribution is the process of moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Promotion communicates information to customers or clients about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Selling is determining consumer needs and wants through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
Avoid hazards. Vanessa is applying the good-record-keeping tip of "avoid hazards" by putting procedures into practice to keep her records from being lost in an office fire. She is not practicing the tips of "use a system" or "pick a style." "Prevent errors" is not a good-record-keeping tip—although it is a good practice in any business task.
Sales. Businesses may lose the opportunity to make sales if injured employees cannot be present to carry out their duties. Lost sales usually result in less profit, which can be a serious problem for a business. Losing sales and income could eventually force a company out of business. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Benefits are advantages obtained from using a good or service. Goods are tangible objects that can be manufactured or produced for resale.
A new customer's check is for an amount larger than the purchase total. The customer's check may be valid, or it may be a bad check because there is not enough money in the customer's account to honor the check. If the business accepts a bad check, the bank will not honor the check, and the business will lose not only the value of the customer's purchase but the additional cash as well. To protect themselves, some businesses require checks for more than the purchase total to be approved by a manager. A regular customer who brings in a new neighbor does not represent a risk to the business. Most customers are rightfully impatient when they are kept waiting by telephone transactions. Photo identification is considered the most acceptable form because it carries both a picture and a signature.
Potential problems. An effective project plan helps to control costs by considering potential problems that may arise. By addressing problems in the planning stage, a business is able to develop a method of dealing with potential problems, which often eliminates the need to make costly changes while completing the project. Businesses establish the objectives before developing the plan to carry out the project. Publicity is free, although many projects are internal and do not involve publicity. Furthermore, not all projects are intended to be advertised, so advertising expense is not involved.
Unit. Unit production is the production of one item at a time or items in small quantities, used for such items as custom-tailored suits, prescription glasses, and income tax returns. Batch production is the production of items in specific amounts. Mass production is the production of a few products in large quantities. Mass production is likely to use robotics in which robots carry out repetitive tasks that workers would find boring.
Solicit input from employees. Quality is the degree of excellence of a good or service. It is important for a business's management team to monitor all aspects of the business so it can maintain or exceed the quality level that its customers expect. If quality decreases, the business may lose customers to its competitors. An important part of monitoring quality is soliciting input from the workers who are actually performing the tasks, because they often have ideas that will help them do their jobs with more efficiency. Ongoing communication is necessary for continuous quality improvement because unexpected issues might occur that affect quality, and management needs to know so the problems can be fixed. Continuous quality improvement usually occurs in small increments over time. The number of changes is dependent on the business's goals. It is not always necessary to hire additional staff to oversee quality control programs. The frequency of reports that management requires is dependent on the business's needs, objectives, and procedures.
Less than. Operating costs are expenditures necessary to keep the business running. Gross margin is the monetary difference between net sales and cost of goods sold. Operating costs are subtracted from gross margin to determine net profit. Consequently, operating costs must be less than the gross margin in order for the business to realize a profit.
$2,363.85. When businesses negotiate long-term leases, they often negotiate the amount of increase from year to year. In this example, the rent will increase 2% the second year. To calculate the monthly rent for the second year, multiply the first year rate by the rate of increase ($2,250 x 2% or .02 = $45), and add that amount to the first year rate ($2,250 + $45 = $2,295). The third year, monthly rent will increase 3% over the second year's rate of $2,295. To calculate that amount, multiply the second year rate by the rate of increase ($2,295 x 3% or .03 = $68.85) and add that amount to the second year rate ($2,295.00 + $68.85 = $2,363.85).
Lease equipment. There are many ways that businesses can control their operating expenses. One of these is to lease equipment rather than buy it. Businesses often are able to lease equipment and pay for it on a monthly basis over a period of time, which saves paying the purchase price in one lump sum. Also, leased equipment can be returned at the end of the lease agreement and replaced with new equipment, which often saves the business repair expense. Sometimes, businesses need specialized equipment for a certain project, and it is more economical to lease it for a short time than to buy equipment that will not be needed again. Buying in small quantities is often more costly than buying in large quantities. Obtaining credit does not control expenses because a business must repay the loan with interest. Organizing inventory space does not necessarily help to control operating expenses.
Subgoal. A subgoal is a lesser goal that must be achieved in order to reach the main goal. A want is a desire. A long-term goal is one that takes more than a year to achieve. Few, if any, people have unlimited resources but must use the resources available to them in order to achieve their goals.
Control events in order to accomplish priorities. All people need to learn how to manage their time. They need to maintain control over the events in their lives so that there is a balance among those events. This involves planning and organizing their personal and professional activities. Time management involves prioritizing activities, but it does not mean setting a fixed schedule and never deviating. Schedules should have some flexibility built in to take care of unexpected events. Time management focuses on making the best use of time rather than on spreading work over a period of time.
Customer service representative. There are many employment opportunities in the marketing segment of business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers, and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. As a result, customer service is an important part of marketing. Individuals who want to pursue a career in marketing often obtain entry-level positions as customer service representatives. This position gives them experience in working with customers and learning the business's product. Then, they often have the opportunity to move up in the marketing department. Junior bookkeeper, apprentice plant manager, and assistant office supervisor are not entry-level positions in marketing.
Have no paid work experience. Many individuals, especially those who are recent graduates, do not have paid work experience. To compensate for the lack of experience, they often include in their résumés information about their involvement in volunteer programs and charitable organizations. Although they were not paid for this work, they gained valuable experience in a work-related environment. Individuals do not list this type of information because they are socially responsible, do not expect a high salary, or will need a lot of training. 
To avoid offending customers. If businesses behave unethically when setting prices, they run the risk of offending customers if the customers find out about the unethical practices. This often results in customers taking their business elsewhere because they do not want to deal with businesses that behave unethically. Therefore, businesses often develop guidelines for setting prices in order to be ethical and avoid offending customers and losing sales. It is not important for businesses to behave ethically when setting prices to negotiate with suppliers, eliminate the need for discounts, or develop sales tactics.
Below-cost pricing. When a company prices its products below cost, it makes it difficult for other companies to compete with the low prices, which they cannot afford to charge, and might eventually force them out of business. To prevent this situation from happening, many governments have laws that make it illegal for businesses to use below-cost pricing. When a business charges one price for all items it sells, it is using a one-price policy. Price skimming is a pricing strategy that involves setting prices higher than those of the competition. Markup is the difference between the cost of a product and its selling price.
Environmental issues. Discarded product packaging—boxes, cans, bottles, and wrapping—eventually go to landfills and dumping grounds, which negatively affect the natural environment. An ethical business will try to develop recyclable and/or biodegradable packaging to reduce damage to the environment. Market dominance, color, quality, and pricing objectives are not primary ethical factors that a business considers when changing its products' packaging.
Reduced anxiety about purchases. Reduced anxiety about purchases is a customer, not business, benefit from warranties and guarantees. A customer-oriented focus for the business, feedback from customers, and increased profits are all business benefits from warranties and guarantees.
Accurate labeling. One way that businesses can include consumer protection as part of product/service management is by labeling products accurately. Product labels protect consumers by telling them what they need to know in order to use the product safely. The information provided should be as accurate and easy to understand as possible. Discount pricing, creative selling, and precise marketing are not forms of consumer protection.
Disclosure. When a business violates a government regulation, corrective action is the manner in which the government requires the business to put right, or fix, the wrongdoing. Affirmative disclosure is a type of corrective action in which the government orders the advertiser to include product information in future advertisements that it omitted in its previous advertisements. An endorsement is approval by a reputable external source. A testimonial is a statement by an identified product user proclaiming the benefits received from the use of the product. A briefing is an update or status report.
What is the right thing to do? Sometimes, salespeople find themselves in situations that require them to make decisions that are not clearly right or wrong. When this occurs, each salesperson must rely on his/her own moral compass to make these decisions or take action. Highly ethical salespeople will do the right thing, even if the result is not favorable for them. The remaining options are not questions that a highly ethical salesperson usually asks himself/herself.
The customer files a lawsuit. Salespeople must be careful about how they communicate product information to their customers. If a salesperson exaggerates or misrepresents a product's capabilities or characteristics, and the customer purchases the product and it doesn't perform as the salesperson said it would, the customer can sue the company for breach of contract. A salesperson misrepresenting a product is more likely to be reprimanded or dismissed rather than promoted. A testimonial is an endorsement. A referral is a lead that a satisfied customer provides to a salesperson. A customer who is unhappy with a product does not usually endorse the product, or provide the salesperson with a referral. 
Technical skills. Although many managers don't perform the specific tasks, they need to understand the technical aspects of the business. They need to be able to answer questions, give directions, and solve problems. If managers have the necessary technical skills, they will be able to help employees with their jobs, such as counting money. Natural talents are aptitudes. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others in order to achieve personal goals.
Unethical behavior. An ethical manager does not discuss an employee's confidential information (e.g., performance evaluations, health issues, personal problems, salary) with other employees. Ethical managers treat employees with respect and do not share private information. Discussing an employee's personal matters with others usually leads to distrust and morale problems among the company's employees. Managers who share this type of information are not using sound judgment. Sharing one employee's confidential information with others is not an example of impartial feedback or office communication. However, it may be considered office gossip, which also may be unethical.


