Control pollution. Pollution is a growing problem that affects many large cities as well as small communities throughout the world. In an effort to control pollution, many countries have established environmental regulations that require businesses to develop clean and fuel-efficient operating and production systems. These systems protect the environment from industrial pollution and help to preserve natural resources. Many of these regulations also require businesses to control the amount of waste and dispose of it properly. Environmental regulations are intended to conserve resources. A business's operating and production systems are not intended to collect samples.Tying contract. A tying contract, or agreement, is an illegal agreement requiring a customer to buy other products in order to obtain desired services. The Clayton Act, a federal regulation intended to prevent specific business actions that might prohibit competition, makes tying agreements illegal. Credit arrangements, joint ventures, and territory assignments are not regulated by the Clayton Act.Most customers are only willing to pay a certain price. Businesses not only need to make their products available, but they also must sell them at a price that customers are willing to pay. If a product is not priced appropriately, customers usually will not buy even if the product is widely distributed. Therefore, it is important for businesses to coordinate the marketing activity of price with distribution. Businesses must set appropriate prices that customers are willing to pay, and have the products in stock when customers want them in order to successfully sell to customers. Paying transportation charges and obtaining warehouse space are not reasons why businesses coordinate distribution with pricing. Not all customers expect to receive significant discounts. Horizontal. Horizontal conflict occurs between businesses (e.g., beauty salons) at the same level in the distribution channel. Branch locations of a beauty salon that operate in the same community are on the same level. The branches may experience horizontal channel conflict because they are targeting, and competing for, the same customers. Vertical conflict occurs between different levels of the same channel, such as between the local branch and the corporate office. Community and dominant are not types of channel conflict.Active listening. Listening is what we do when we hear words and sounds. Active listening requires the listener to interpret and process information to capture the true meaning of what is being said. Active listening is a verbal communication skill.Memorandum. Memorandums are a frequently used form of brief, written communication exchanged by people within a law firm. Memorandums often are distributed to employees within a law firm to update them on the progress of various projects, or inform them of changes in policies and procedures. They are informal and simple because they are intended only for the use of the law firm's employees. A proposal usually is a complex written report that is formal and may be distributed to those outside the law firm. Handbooks and newsletters are internal company publications but they are not memorandums.Attitude. The attitude of the listener can keep him/her from effective listening because attitudes affect behavior. If a listener dislikes a speaker or dislikes what the speaker is saying, s/he may tune out and not listen to the message. Patience, concentration, and interest are not barriers to effective listening. Listening patiently without interrupting the speaker, being genuinely interested in what the speaker is saying, and concentrating on the message help to promote effective listening."Your account is being updated, Mr. Smith." The most appropriate way for a business-services employee to greet regular customers is to address them by name. Business-services employees should know the names of their regular customers and greet them in that manner in order to make the presentation more personal. Customers appreciate being greeted by name and often return to a service business that makes them feel comfortable and important. Using nicknames or slang terms, such as buddy, honey, and lady, are inappropriate ways to greet customers, and the use of those terms may even offend some customers.What types of services are offered by the business? In order to handle customer inquiries competently, employees should know the characteristics of the products—the goods or services—carried by their businesses. Information pertaining to the times that a business is available to customers answers the question of what hours the business is open. Knowledge of financial instruments, other than cash, that the business accepts as payment for purchases answers the question of what type of credit the business offers. Information regarding established guidelines for the return or exchange of merchandise answers questions about the business's return policy.Summarize benefits. Slow/Methodical clients need to have the insurance salesperson draw out the needed information, to be treated patiently, and to have the benefits of the service summarized in order to guide them to a close. The other three approaches are aimed at the domineering/superior type, who need to do most of the talking, be complimented and praised, and allowed to sell themselves on the insurance product.Provide the services. In service businesses, intermediaries are independent businesses that provide the services to customers. The intermediaries might provide supplemental services such as take reservations, or they might provide the core service which is the product of the business. For a trucking company, its core product is making deliveries. If it hires independent contractors to make the deliveries, it is using intermediaries to provide the delivery service which is the core product. Having intermediaries provide the services does not mean that the trucking company is using them to deal with customers, track shipments, or handle the payments. The intermediaries may simply be making deliveries while the trucking company handles the other issues.Equipment. Equipment is a capital good. Capital goods are manufactured or constructed items that are used to produce goods and services. Water, oil, and soil are all natural resources. Natural resources are items that are found in nature and used to produce goods and services.Supply is greater than demand. When this situation exists, producers will lower their prices in order to sell the excess supply. For example, suppose that most people do not have time to bring their pets to the pet groomer during the work day. A pet groomer might reduce its mid-day rates in order to increase demand. Some clients might decide that the rate reduction is worth their time to rearrange their work schedules to have their pets groomed. The supply of available service, however, is the same regardless of the time of day.Organized effort to produce goods and services. A business, whether for profit or nonprofit, is an organized effort to produce goods and services. It is not a disorganized method of doing anything—least of all, manufacturing products. Although a business can be a reasonable means for making a profit, that is not the description of a business. Unreasonable business behavior typically decreases revenues.Speculative. Speculative risk may result in loss, no change, or gain. Offering a new line of services may or may not prove to be profitable for a health spa. Natural risk results from natural causes like weather conditions or perishability. Human risk results from human weakness or unpredictability. Pure risk can result in loss or no loss, such as the risk of fire.5.4%. The unemployment rate is the percentage of those unemployed people in the labor force who are actively looking for work. To calculate the rate of unemployment, divide the number of unemployed by the number in the labor force (34,290 ÷ 634,820 = .0540 or 5.4%). The rate of unemployment is used to analyze the condition of the economy. A low unemployment rate indicates a healthy economy because most of the people who want to work are working. However, a high unemployment rate indicates a slowdown in the economy because more people are out of work.Countries have different resources. This is the primary reason that international trade takes place, or the buying and selling of business services between nations exists. Some countries can provide services more cheaply than other countries because of better access to workers with special skills or a better infrastructure. A larger global economy and equal distribution of resources can both be results of international trade rather than causes. Exporting that leads to increased employment is also a result of international trade.Being insulting or rude. Businesspeople need to be aware of cultural differences in order to avoid accidentally insulting or being rude to businesspeople from other parts of the world. For example, some forms of nonverbal communication are offensive in some countries although they are accepted in others. In some countries it is rude to start and end a meeting on time, but that is the standard in other countries. In some countries businesspeople shake hands when they meet but hug or bow in other countries. Without knowing what is acceptable, businesspeople run the risk of being insulting or rude. Businesspeople usually meet face-to-face, ask questions, and discuss finances.Decreased number of manufacturing jobs. When a country's economy becomes primarily service based, the economy is less dependent on the manufacturing industries and more dependent on service-based businesses. As a result, jobs in manufacturing decrease and are replaced with jobs in the service sectors. When an economy is primarily service based, the sale of intangibles increases. There may be an increase in demand for imported items because those items are no longer being manufactured in the country. There is not an increase in control by government agencies in a service-based economy.Joyce should work on one trait at a time. If she tries to work on improving all three traits at the same time, she probably will not follow through on any of them. It would be a mistake for Joyce to ignore her supervisor's comments as these are meant to help Joyce. Transferring to a different job will simply postpone any efforts to improve.At all times. Healthcare employees are expected to exhibit an attitude of enthusiasm and interest in their jobs at all times, not just in private or when they feel well. They should not need to be told to be interested and enthusiastic.Constructive criticism should result in change. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve. It is especially useful when it is offered to workers to enable them to improve their performance or behavior on the job and should result in change. Resenting constructive criticism is likely to create negative results. Using constructive criticism does not make a person aggressive.Personal. Personal changes concern our bodies, minds, lifestyles, etc. A new occupation is a personal change that affects one's lifestyle. Improving oneself in order to gain a promotion is a rational, or logical, change, not irrational. A social change is a shift in the values, tastes, or habits of society. Economic changes are fluctuations or "ups and downs" in the economy.Being an understanding person. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Being understanding helps you to do that. Helping the indecisive client is a benefit of being empathetic. Looking at the ways people are alike, not at their differences, will help you to develop empathy. Working with other people is an activity rather than a trait.Aggressive. Aggressive behavior is conduct based on a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to take advantage of them in order to achieve personal goals. Aggressive people such as Mark feel free to make requests of others, but they are quite likely to refuse requests made of them. Hostile behavior comes from people who are angry toward others. Passive behavior is conduct in which people fail to exercise their own rights and to respect their own needs. Assertive behavior is conduct based on respect for your own rights and for the rights of others.Authoritarian. Authoritarian style leaders prefer to exercise a high degree of control over their subordinates. Democratic style leaders seek input from their employees and tend to share authority. Laissez-faire style leaders provide only general guidance. An empathetic leader is not a basic leadership style.Using "you" statements. When confronting another person about a conflict, it is important to be calm and objective. The best way to do this is to approach the disagreement as a problem that you want to solve together. A technique to keep the discussion from escalating into a shouting match is by using "I" statements and avoiding the use of "you" statements. Use "I" statements to convey your beliefs, perceptions, and feelings. "You" statements tend to place blame or fault on the other person. As a result, the other person tends to become defensive and angry. It is important to listen to feedback. Realistic. A vision must be realistic in order to be achievable. Although visions are made from abstract dreams and lofty goals, they must be achievable at some point in time. If a vision is unrealistic, there will be no way to obtain it. For example, you might have a dream of bringing about world peace in the next year. That's fairly unrealistic. Even though you want that to happen, you have no way of achieving it. Visions can be complex and expensive. However, they are still achievable if they are also realistic. A vision is a dream for the future rather than a current situation. However, it might involve changing a current situation or solving a current problem.Higher prices. Service businesses that offer credit to their clients usually charge higher prices for their products than those that do not. This change in the pricing element of the marketing mix helps service businesses recover the costs of extending credit. Interest rates are fees the lender charges the borrower for the use of the money. Annual fees are yearly fees charged for the privilege of using a bank credit card. Finance charges are interest charges on credit accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period. They are usually a percentage of the total amount due.Specific. A financial goal is a short- or long-term objective that is measured in terms of money. To accomplish financial goals, they must be specific, realistic (attainable), results-oriented, and time-bounded. Financial goals are not general or durable, and they do not need to be conservative.Control the finances of the service business. An accounting system provides a service business with accurate financial information with which it can maintain control of its finances. Keeping track of sales, compiling expenses, and creating reports are all activities of the accounting system that helps a service business to control its finances.Fiscal year. Budgets are prepared for a specific time period, usually a fiscal year. A fiscal year may or may not coincide with a calendar year. Budgets then are broken down into smaller time periods, such as quarters and months, so that managers can more easily monitor activity. Although quarters and months are monitored one at a time, the budget is prepared for the entire upcoming year.To learn about customers. One of the most important reasons for a service business to obtain marketing information is to learn as much as it can about customers. The more a business knows about its customers, the better it is able to meet their needs and successfully sell to them. By continually obtaining marketing information, businesses are able to keep up-to-date on what their customers want and then develop appropriate products. Businesses do not obtain marketing information in order to prepare research reports. Sampling select groups is one way of obtaining marketing information. Businesses might use marketing information to analyze current trends in order to learn about customers.Consumer trends. A marketing-information management system can help businesses to discover new or expanded markets and to use them. The system can gather and analyze information about consumer trends, target markets, changes in the environment, changing events, and the effects of these factors on consumers. A characteristic of useful marketing data is that they should be up-to-date. Historical data, therefore, would not usually be gathered. Employee absences are a management, rather than a marketing, consideration.Unethically. Unethical behavior is behavior that is wrong or immoral. It is often considered unethical to obtain information about competitors with the use of questionable techniques, even though these techniques are legal. For example, it is illegal to take aerial photographs of a competitor's facility, but it is not illegal to purchase aerial photographs from governmental agencies that have obtained them for other purposes. However, buying those photographs with the intent of obtaining information about a competitor's operation is usually considered to be unethical. Using questionable techniques to obtain information is not an example of being reckless, aggressive, or careless.A database. A database is a collection of information that a business can retrieve quickly. Many cleaning businesses use databases to store information about their customers, such as contact information and buying preferences. Presentation software is a computer application that displays a slide show. Opt-in e-mail messages are electronic promotional messages that are sent with a recipient's permission and allow the recipients to request removal from the subscriber list at any time. A CAD program is a computer software program that allows users to create multidimensional graphics.Reading annual reports. Engineering businesses often monitor their competitors' activities in order to make marketing decisions that will help them to stay competitive. Businesses can obtain valuable information by reading their competitors' annual reports that often list major customers and describe successful promotional activities. Annual reports also include information about profitability, sales volume, new product development, and expansion. Businesses can use this information to develop similar products or to expand their sales area. Economic factors involve the state of the local economy. Regional data include geographic and demographic information about the area. Buying motives are the reasons or benefits that cause people to make purchases to satisfy wants and needs.Loyalty programs. Successful service businesses are interested in targeting and maintaining valued customers who will continue to buy their services over a long period of time. These businesses know that regular heavy-users are more valuable than large numbers of infrequent buyers. As a result, many service businesses have developed loyalty programs that reward their targeted, valued customers. The loyalty programs offer frequent users certain special benefits that are not available to occasional users. Introductory discounts are intended to attract new customers during slow times. Gift premiums and prize promotions usually are available to all customers.Engineering firms. These types of businesses are involved in services marketing. They do not sell tangible products but provide design and consulting services. Their primary goal is to make a profit. Charitable organizations, museums, and churches are nonprofit or "nonbusiness" organizations. Although these nonbusiness organizations perform most of the same activities that regular businesses do, their primary goal is NOT to make a profit.Goal will be reached. Although the marketing strategy may involve lowering prices or organizing the tactics, a carpet-cleaning company's strategy is important because it shows how its goal will be reached. The marketing mix is blended after the marketing strategy is selected.Doctor's office buying medical equipment. Doctor's office buying medical equipment is an example of an industrial market. Industrial markets are composed of businesses that purchase items for use in the operation of the business, for resale, or for making other goods. The other alternatives are examples of a consumer market whose members buy to satisfy personal desires.To reflect current wants and needs. Marketing planning is the process of identifying objectives, and developing marketing strategies to achieve those goals. Because the market is continually changing, marketing planning is an ongoing process. Cleaning-services businesses need to continually perform this process in order to revise and update marketing objectives and strategies to reflect current wants and needs. If cleaning-services businesses fail to remain current, they run the risk of losing customers to competitors that are more in tune with current wants and needs. Part of the marketing planning process involves gathering information from outside sources in order to identify new trends. Cleaning-services businesses do not continually perform the marketing planning process to maintain adequate inventory levels or to identify rising costs and expenses.Customers changing their habits. The changing nature of the marketing environment brings with it many opportunities for service businesses. One of the purposes of conducting a situational analysis is to identify possible opportunities in the service-business environment. An example of a possible opportunity is a change in customers' habits. If an analysis indicates that customers are buying more of one type of service and that the trend will continue, a service business can take advantage of the change by providing that type of service. However, in order to be prepared to take advantage of such opportunities, a service business first must analyze the environment to determine exactly what those opportunities are. A situational analysis also indicates possible threats to the service business. These threats might include suppliers raising their prices or a decline in economic conditions. Increases in operating expenses is an internal problem.Internal. Insurance agencies have control over such internal changes as personnel, pricing, and product lines that may affect their sales forecasts. Having control over internal changes enables them to adapt their sales forecasts accordingly. External changes are changes that occur outside the insurance agencies. Market changes and economic changes are examples of external changes over which insurance agencies have no control.Automated teller machine. Automated teller machines allow service business employees to complete many types of banking transactions such as cash withdrawal from their checking or savings accounts. Interactive calculator and onsite financial satellite are not terms widely used in the service marketing industry. A point-of-sale display is a Meta tags. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. HTML, or Hypertext Markup Language, is the program used for creating pages on the World Wide Web. It uses tags placed in strategic places to help the browser identify and locate various elements of the web page. ASCII, or American Standard Code for Information Interchange, is plain text from which the HTML document is usually created. The browser moves from one place to another within the page or to another site by means of a hyperlink.Storing. By saving her client information, Selina is storing it for future use. Destroying records is getting rid of them, not saving them. Creating records is putting them together initially. And, retrieving (pulling) records happens after information is stored (or held) somewhere.Search the Web. The World Wide Web (WWW) links millions of computers throughout the world by way of the Internet. Obtaining information is one of the most common ways that businesses use the Web. For example, an engineering firm in one state that wanted to locate a potential vendor in another state can search the Web to find out if that vendor has posted information on its web page. Searching the Web is fast and allows service business employees to obtain vital information without leaving the office. In order to send an e-mail or fax a request, an engineering firm first needs to obtain an e-mail address or a fax number, which often are listed on a web page. Phoning an agent would not necessarily provide an engineering firm with information about new vendors.Intellectual property. Intellectual property includes ideas, formulas, slogans, trademarks, etc., that are developed and owned by a business. Businesses often are able to obtain legal protection for their innovative ideas, which prevents competitors from stealing the ideas. For example, a business that develops a unique new service may be able to obtain legal protection, such as a patent or copyright, that would stop a competitor from copying or using the service without permission. Businesses are not able to obtain legal protection for their operating procedures, physical facility, or standardized methods.Report it to his supervisor. All unsafe conditions, unsafe acts, and injuries should be reported immediately to the appropriate supervisor. Employees should never try to fix a hazard if they don't know how to repair it. Using equipment that is not in good working order endangers the employee and others. Asking a coworker for help will not solve the problem.Bomb threat. Emergency situations usually occur unexpectedly. Therefore, an accounting firm's employees should know how to handle and report them even if it is unlikely they will occur. An example of an emergency situation is a bomb threat. Although most accounting firms will never have a bomb threat, employees should know what to do to be prepared if it happens. Internal theft, check fraud, and stolen identity are not examples of emergency situations.Turn out the most products at the least cost. Producing efficiently enables service businesses to be competitive by keeping their prices at or below those of competitors. This is likely to increase sales. Many businesses try to obtain advance orders for goods and services in order to make their production as efficient as possible. An accurate sales forecast helps in planning efficient production, not the reverse.Authority. To be able to manage projects effectively, medical office managers need authority. When they have authority, they have the power to make decisions and put those decisions into effect. They use their authority to influence project members to follow their lead. Medical office managers do not have the freedom to change the goals. They must follow certain guidelines. Self-interest is giving priority to what benefits oneself. Pessimism is a negative attitude.Expenses. Expenses are the monies that a dry-cleaning business spends. Dry cleaners should consider their expenses because uncontrolled expenses reduce profits, which ultimately may lead to business failure. Dry-cleaning businesses should not make the mistake of ignoring expenses because sales are good. Even if sales are good, uncontrolled expenses could eliminate all profits. Policies are general rules to be followed by company personnel. Contracts are agreements between two or more businesses stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Assets are anything of value that a business owns.Productive time may be lost. Equipment should be inspected and maintained on a regular basis according to a schedule. This prevents losses of production caused by breakdowns. More parts must be stocked in inventory so that they will be available whenever they are needed. Equipment is likely to be replaced more often because the breakdown may cause damage that cannot be repaired or would be too costly to repair.Identify the problem. The first step in resolving conflict involves identifying the problem. If coworkers are involved in a dispute, they need to identify exactly what the problem is before they can find a possible solution. Determining the conflict is often difficult because the parties involved may have different opinions about the problem. Once coworkers take the time to discuss the conflict and identify the exact problem, they will be in a better position to agree on a possible solution. Ignoring the situation usually makes the dispute worse and does not solve the problem. Arbitrators usually negotiate problems between management and labor. Negotiating a settlement is the last step in resolving conflict.Clarify your own thinking. Talking over what you have learned about yourself and what you think it means helps you to clarify your thoughts in your own mind. This is because it forces you to think about what you are saying. The purpose of developing self-understanding is to learn about yourself, not to compare yourself with others. You should decide for yourself what tests to take and when to update your diary.Fair treatment. Although regulation varies by country, labor laws are designed to protect workers from unfair labor and wage practices. By instituting a law that requires all consulting firms to give all employees a break from their duties, the law is requiring that each employee receive the same or fair treatment. Workplace supervision refers to the direction an employee receives to perform certain work-related tasks. Laws related to employee breaks do not affect the workers' rights to form unions. Harassment in the workplace generally refers to gender and race discrimination issues.Talents and skills. Talents and skills are aptitudes that have an effect on the type of career that would be most suitable for an individual. When considering employment opportunities, individuals should consider their talents and skills because they are more likely to do well in careers that require their specific talents and skills. Also, they usually will enjoy a career that is compatible with their talents and skills. Finding the right job often satisfies wants and needs. Health and safety are not necessarily issues to consider because most jobs in business-services are safe and do not adversely affect an individual's health. Individuals usually do not consider their time and money when reviewing employment opportunities.She has limited work experience. Many beginning workers who are applying for jobs lack work experience. Therefore, it is appropriate for them to emphasize their education and outside activities in order to convince prospective employers that they are capable of doing the work. Education, hobbies, and personal skills are good substitutes for beginning workers to emphasize in their résumés‚ if they have limited work experience. The employer establishes the requirements for the job. Personal data include name, address, telephone number, birth date, etc. Career expectations are the goals that a person hopes to achieve in the world of work.Up-to-date information. Professional organizations (e.g., insurance) disseminate valuable research data about trends in the profession/industry. Some professional organizations also conduct workshops and provide manuals, bulletins, and advisory services for their members. Fringe benefits are extra employee benefits such as paid vacations. Supplementary incentive plans are special compensation plans which supplement the regular salary of an employee. Quota plans are a combination of salary and commissions often used as incentive for salespersons.Government relations. Professional organizations provide a variety of services to members. One of these services is assistance with government relations. On occasion, some service businesses might be concerned about pending legislation that will have an impact on how they operate. Professional organizations usually have staff members who monitor pending legislation and assist members in their dealings with government officials or governmental agencies. The professional organizations may lobby government officials to gain support for or against certain legislation. This assistance benefits members who do not have the time and staff to deal with governmental issues. Professional organizations usually do not help members with advertising campaigns, identifying customers, or recruiting employees. However, the organizations might provide general employment information.Exchange. The exchange price is the amount of money that the buyer is willing to pay and the seller is willing to accept for a good or service. A hair salon that decides to charge $25 for a haircut because customers are willing and able to pay that amount has determined an exchange price. The exchange price indicates that the hair salon and the customers have agreed on a value for the haircut. Hair salons consider several factors when determining an exchange price. First, a hair salon needs to be flexible with its pricing and adjust the price depending on the amount that customers are willing and able to pay. Also, the hair salon considers the prices that other hair salons are charging for the same product in order to remain competitive. Both the hair salon and the customers want the optimum value from the product.Social responsibility. When a law firm contributes to the well-being of society, it is being socially responsible. A law firm that donates a percentage of its profits to charity is contributing to society's well-being. Community liability, political accountability, and legal reliability do not describe ethical behavior associated with making charitable contributions.To make changes in order to extend a product's life cycle. Planning continues even after a product is established in the market. By monitoring existing products, product planners may decide to leave everything about the product as it is, change the marketing strategy, modify the product in some way such as adding new features, find new uses or users for the product, or eliminate it. The other alternatives are aspects of new-product development.Profitability. Before placing new products on the market, service businesses should make sure that the new service will be profitable in the long run. A service that does not make money for the business will often lead to the financial failure of the business. Velocity refers to an object's (e.g., airplane's) rate of speed. Maturity refers to age. Diversity is a term to describe variety.Advanced information. Advanced information technology involves computerized databases that allow businesses to gather and maintain a wide variety of information about customers. The capabilities of a computerized database system enable businesses to personalize the services they sell to meet the needs of individual customers. For example, a database contains information about the customer's preferences that a service business can use to tailor the service to that specific customer. System distribution, mass production, and electronic direction are not types of technology that enable businesses to personalize their service mix.Ethical. When a service business exhibits ethical behavior, it is being socially responsible because it is considering society's well-being. A service business that reduces its use of natural resources is exhibiting an ethical attitude because it is taking steps to preserve the natural environment by not wasting resources or damaging the atmosphere. A service business that preserves the environment's natural resources is not necessarily exhibiting logical, authentic, or conservative attitudes or beliefs.Group members most often generate new ideas by altering or building upon another idea. When more than one person is involved in the creative-thinking process, different types of ideas are often generated because each member has a unique point of view. Often, one member contributes an idea. When this occurs, another member might come up with another idea based on the original idea. The success of group creative-thinking processes depends on many factors including each member's contribution and the situation requiring idea generation. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that one technique is more effective or generates more ideas than another technique.Extension. The extension method of product idea generation focuses on taking existing products and finding new ways to use them. Invention is the idea generation process that involves developing new, previously nonexistent products. Repetition and detection are fictitious terms and are not forms of innovation that a business uses to generate product ideas.Standards. Standards are statements that specify a product's size, contents, and/or quality. Grades are ratings that tell to what extent the standards are met. Warranties are promises made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. Testimonials are statements by an Providing new eyeglasses in one hour. Many businesses that sell services establish standards based on what customers want and expect. If businesses know that customers want quick turnaround, they might set time standards for those services. For example, an optical business might provide new eyeglasses in one hour, or a camera shop might develop photographs in 55 minutes. Businesses strive to meet these standards in order to provide the quality of service their customers expect. Operating from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., charging a fee for missed appointments, and requiring a phone number to process orders are examples of standards that are based on company needs rather than on the needs and expectations of customers.To develop the product mix. The product mix, the different products that a company sells, is based on the objectives of the business and not the specific warranties or guarantees offered by the business. The purposes of warranties and guarantees are to reassure prospective customers that they can obtain a refund or replacement on products that do not meet their expectations, to increase sales because warranties and guarantees can be used as a selling benefit, and to use as a promotional and competitive tool by featuring warranties and guarantees in advertising.Perishable. Products that have a limited life span are perishable. A service business performs specialized, intangible activities that satisfy the needs and wants of consumers or industrial users. Because business services are transactions and cannot be stored, they are perishable.  Business services are not always expensive. Business services are intangible and immeasurable.Expanding. A health spa expands its product mix by adding additional services or product lines. Expansion of the product mix can have disadvantages. Adding product items or product lines increases costs of equipment, inventory, transportation, storage, and personnel. Businesses also may need more operating space or need to provide staff with additional sales training. Promoting and marketing the product mix usually results in increased sales and profits. Reducing the product mix probably would cause a decrease in operating costs.Buy product Y and receive service W free for six months. Product bundling involves combining goods and/or services and offering them to customers as one product for a lower price than if the customers were to buy all of the products individually. Often, businesses bundle new products with existing products in order to create interest in the new product. A business that provides a free service for a certain amount of time hopes that the customer gets used to having the service and will pay to continue receiving the service once the free offer expires. Businesses may use rebates, invoice discounts, and coupons in conjunction with product-bundle strategies.To remind customers of a brand's values and qualities. Brand cues are essentially short cuts—elements that provide customers with a quick reminder of brands and their values. Cues can be very effective in influencing customers' buying behavior. Brand cues do not in and of themselves make one brand better than another, nor do they connect many brands to one another. In fact, just the opposite is true: They help distinguish one brand from another. Customers cannot avoid inferior products with brand cues alone; their overall experiences help them evaluate and select brands.It is an attitude. A service culture is an attitude in the business that focuses on meeting customers' expectations and providing a quality experience. This type of attitude exists throughout the business, from the entry-level employee to the manager or owner. Everyone in the business puts the customer first and strives to provide the best service possible. A service culture does not exist in all businesses, nor is it always simple to develop. A service culture does not deliver the products.Providing more jobs. Promotion encourages demand by attracting consumers to products. When demand for a product increases, businesses must be able to produce the product in increased quantities. Therefore, promotion helps to create a need for mass production, which benefits the economy by providing more jobs. Promotion does not benefit the economy by increasing prices. Promotion benefits businesses by improving an image. Promotion benefits consumers by creating awareness.Local newspaper advertisement. A part-time, lawn-mowing business would not generally have a large advertising and promotional budget. Placing an advertisement in the local newspaper reaches many potential customers in a single run at a relatively low cost. Television commercials would not be cost-effective because they are very expensive to produce and to run. Lawn-mowing is a service and does not have a tangible item to distribute as a sample. A high-quality color brochure can also be very expensive to produce.Pricing. Pricing is the component of the marketing mix that involves understanding concepts and strategies utilized in determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' expectations of value. The promotional mix is a combination, or blend, of marketing communication channels that a service business uses to send its messages to consumers. These communication tools are personal selling, advertising, sales promotion, and publicity.Information is available on demand. Internet surfers can access a service-business's web site and obtain product information 24 hours a day, seven days a week—making it available anytime the Internet user wants to see it. The Internet serves as a promotional vehicle that is more likely to be available to affluent markets, or those who can afford Internet services, but it does not ensure that consumers' privacy is secure. Many service businesses use the Internet as a supplemental tool to promote products, which does not mean that service businesses don't need to include target marketing in their overall business and promotional objectives. Affirmative disclosure. When a government establishes a regulation that requires businesses to inform consumers about its products' limitations in promotional materials, it is often referred to as affirmative disclosure. For example, a government may require that automobile manufacturers publish EPA mileage ratings in print advertisements. Ethical verification, honorable verification, and assenting disclosure are fictitious terms.Specialty advertising. A landscaping company's printed message or logo might appear on calendars, pencils, notepads, etc., to promote the business. Handbills are advertisements distributed to residences or handed out in other locations. Outdoor advertising includes billboards, painted signs, posters, and electrical displays. Shopping news are papers used to distribute advertisements through the mail.Benefit.  Benefit copy focuses on advantages or benefits of the service to the consumer. Endorsement copy cites a reputable outside source to strengthen the sales message. Feature copy gives factual information about the product. Claim copy is a statement about the product which must be proven by the advertiser. Selection of recipients. Direct mail is a form of advertising in which the promotional medium comes to consumers' homes or businesses. A hair salon that uses direct mail to promote its products selects who receives its messages. The hair salon saves time and money because it is sending the direct mail to a market segment that is most likely to use the hair salon's services, which is an advantage. Disadvantages of using direct mail to promote products are that it is often expensive to produce and postal delivery service is unpredictable. A hair salon uses direct mail to target its messages towards a specific market rather than to massive audiences.Objectives. An insurance agency's objectives are its desired outcomes, or the goals it wants to reach. Strategies are the activities that the insurance agency will use to achieve its established goals. An insurance agency must determine its objectives before it can develop its strategies. Media needs and evaluative data are factors that the insurance agency considers after objectives and strategies are set. Shareholders are owners of a corporation. Not all insurance agencies are corporations.Unified. Integrated marketing communications refers to the coordination of clear and unified messages that a business distributes through various message channels to its customers and to the public. Successful integrated marketing communications make sure that each message channel (e.g., brochures, web site, broadcast advertisement) conveys the same information to provide clear, unified (consistent) messages. Clear and unified messages are less likely to confuse customers and more likely to create brand awareness.  Although many promotional messages are visual, there are many that are not, such as radio advertisements.  Fragmented or unrelated messages tend to confuse customers. Intangible refers to products that cannot be detected through the senses.By creating desire for products. Possession utility is usefulness created when ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the user. Skilled salespeople are able to create desire for products by discussing product features and benefits, thereby encouraging possession utility. Selling also helps to keep our economy moving, increase competition, and affect employment, but those factors are not related to possession utility.Expectations. When customers purchase products, they have certain expectations about the buying experience. Customers expect salespeople to have product knowledge, listen to their needs, speak courteously, and help resolve problems. If salespeople meet these expectations, the customers are satisfied and are more likely to purchase from the business again. Salespeople do not gain repeat business by consistently meeting or exceeding the customers' restrictions, policies, or promises.Salespeople. Since salespersons engage in selling activities on a regular basis, they are the employees who bear the most responsibility for implementing the policies. Selling policies help to ensure that customers receive fair and equal treatment. Advisors and suppliers are not responsible for a business's selling policies.Limits on gifts and entertainment. To help salespeople behave ethically in selling situations, many accounting firms have established limits on the type and value of gifts that salespeople can give to customers as well as limits on entertainment. For example, a company may limit gifts to a value of no more than $50 so there is no possibility of a salesperson giving a lavish gift to a customer in exchange for placing an order. Also, companies may limit entertainment expenses so salespeople are not tempted to spend excessive amounts of money on meals for customers. Limits help salespeople behave ethically because they are prohibited from spending too much on customers, which may be construed as bribery. Harassment policies usually involve guidelines on the way employees treat each other. Companies usually do not place restrictions on a salesperson's appointments. Guidelines concerning travel are internal regulations that affect salespeople, rather than the way salespeople deal with customers.Unfair trade. Activities such as stealing a competitor's trade secrets, or attempting to get a competitor's customer to breach a contract, are considered unfair trade practices and are illegal practices in many countries. Consumer protection laws address issues such as product safety, consumer credit, and warranties.Attending training programs. Many service businesses conduct training programs that provide information about existing products as well as new products. Attending a company training program is an effective way of obtaining valuable product information that can be used in the selling process. Reading industry publications, visiting trade shows, and preparing research reports are methods of obtaining product information from sources outside the service business.Microwave cooking saves time. Obvious benefits are advantages that need little explanation by the salesperson. The customer already knows, or can easily recognize, the benefit. For example, most customers know that microwave cooking enables them to prepare meals in a much shorter time than with a conventional oven. It may not be obvious to customers that inline skates are well made or that carpeting is easy to clean. Salespeople may need to point out these benefits. Air bags as standard equipment on a car is a product feature that a salesperson would need to translate into a benefit such as safety.Name. It makes customers feel important when salespersons greet them by name. The spending habits of a customer may vary. A customer's address and credit score may not need to be remembered as it can easily be obtained.Organizations tend to buy in larger quantities, and the products have higher value. Organizations tend to buy large quantities rather than individual products, and they also tend to spend more than final consumers. Organizations do not refuse sales more often or make decisions faster. Sales presentations to both organizations and individual consumers take preparation on the part of the salesperson in order to be effective.Receive delivery. During the purchase stage of buying services, customers actually receive delivery of the service. This might involve interaction with a service business's employees, such as getting a haircut, or through an electronic means, such as investing through an online brokerage firm. Prior to purchasing, customers usually evaluate the various service providers in order to select the most appropriate one. This often involves obtaining information about the providers and comparing charges.Answer. To complete a sale, the salesperson must effectively answer the customer's/client's concerns with the good or service. Answering an objection may be done in a number of different ways, including attempts to refute the objection. If the objection is legitimate and valid, it would not be appropriate to attempt to refute the customer's concern. Obviously, an objection cannot be supported or magnified if the salesperson hopes to complete the sale.Suggestion selling. Suggestion selling is an accepted, professional technique in which a salesperson attempts to increase the customer's purchase by suggesting that the customer buy additional products. A salesperson does not close a sale until after all purchasing decisions have been made. Trading-up is the act of suggesting higher-priced products to the customer. In this situation, the fertilizing service is a suggestion in addition to the original landscaping service. Feature-benefit selling is describing the features of a product and relating those features to the product's benefits.