Corporation. A corporation is a form of ownership owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. The liability of each owner is limited to the amount invested. A franchise is an agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. A partnership is a form of business ownership owned by two or more persons. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person.Distribution. Distribution is all the activities involved in moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring the ownership of goods or services. Leasing is contracting to use property which belongs to someone else for a specific period of time and a specific rate of payment. Promotion is a marketing function which communicates information about goods, services, images, or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Warehousing is placing goods in safe locations until they are needed or are ready to be sold.Manufacturers and authorized distributors ultimately lose money. Businesses that buy products from unauthorized distributors often are able to obtain the goods at a lower price and save money, or pass that savings on to customers. The practice usually is considered unethical because the manufacturer and its authorized distributors ultimately lose money. Businesses and consumers also may suffer because purchases made from unauthorized dealers may not be covered by the manufacturer's warranty or be eligible for service. Buying products through the gray market does not reduce or eliminate transportation charges, or affect the hours that employees work and their pay. The quality of gray market items is not always lower than established criteria. In some cases, the quality may be the same.Outsourcing. At times, it is more efficient to use an outside company that specializes in a service needed by the manufacturer to deliver the product. Third-party organizations, such as trucking companies and warehouses, often are able to handle products faster and more cost-effectively than the manufacturer. EDI is the electronic sharing of information between businesses. Market research does not involve relationships with trucking companies or warehouses. Shipping terminals are the areas from which products are shipped to other locations.Follow directions. In order to follow directions or instructions, the person receiving them must listen carefully. Listening is an important skill for everyone, but it is especially important to workers who receive directions from supervisors about their job duties. Good listeners are often effective workers who are less likely to receive criticism and more likely to earn raises. However, listening skill does not enable workers to avoid all criticism, to earn frequent raises, or to become good speakers themselves.To make the message more convincing. Messages usually are more persuasive if they are supported by logical evidence. Logical evidence is based on fact rather than on opinion. If businesses are writing persuasive messages to encourage customers to do something, such as buy a product, they should include logical evidence to make the message more convincing. Logical evidence is factual; however, it may not be interesting. Strong language may offend the recipient rather than help to explain the idea. Logical evidence is intended to be persuasive. It does not force the recipient to respond.Offering a free valuable membership for a processing fee. Some businesses try to sell their services by telling customers that valuable services are free—when the cost of the service actually has been included in an additional fee. In many cases, these businesses value the service at an inflated price. This type of communication is unethical because it attempts to deceive customers and make them believe that they are receiving an expensive service at no charge. In fact, customers are unable to obtain the "so-called" free services unless they agree to pay the additional fee. Promoting a two-for-one membership, giving a discount in exchange for sponsoring a new member, and advertising a low-price family membership are examples of ethical communications.By calling back as soon as possible with an answer. Do what you say you are going to do in order to show a customer-service mindset. If you have told customers you will get back with them, do it as soon as possible. Don't just give lip service. Customers deserve real service. In this case, the customer's immediate concern is finding out when the window repairperson will arrive—not in providing feedback about the quality of your company's service. Talking about the problem with coworkers might provide some insight into where the repairperson is, but it does not show customers that you are taking action and following through. Although your help with organizing the service department might be appreciated by coworkers, it is not what you told the customer that you would be doing to resolve the problem.Getting feedback from. Service businesses use the comments, suggestions, and other feedback from customers to help them decide if certain policies need to be revised or changed. Feedback also helps businesses know if their policies are meeting customers' wants and needs. Businesses would not change policies that have helped them to acquire new customers, to satisfy current customers, or to create good relations with customers.The location of customers and the number of customers who want the service. Where the customers are located and how many of them wish to purchase the service is important when selecting how long the distribution channel will be and who needs to participate. If most customers are centrally located, a business might be able to provide services directly rather than using intermediaries to provide services to customers who are located worldwide. Competitors' location is not important when selecting a channel of distribution. Transportation and time of year usually are not issues because of the intangible nature of services. The important consideration is to deliver when and where the customers need the service.Broker. A broker often purchases intangible products, such as investment stocks, from vendors on behalf of their clients. Manufacturers, retailers, and wholesalers sell goods (tangible products).Opportunity cost. Opportunity cost refers to the benefit that is lost when a decision is made to use scarce resources for one purpose rather than another. Before a decision is made, the results of giving up other alternatives must be considered. Decision making entails choosing among alternatives. A trade-off is giving up all or part of something in order to obtain something else. Economic activities include consumption, production, exchange, and distribution.Retailing. Whenever a sale of goods or services to the ultimate consumer takes place, retailing has occurred. Retailing can take place anywhere —in a store, over the phone, by mail, on the street corner, in a customer's home, etc. Discounting is reducing the price of a good or service. Wholesaling is the process of buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers. Producing is the process of making goods and services.Protect everyone. There are certain limits to economic freedoms, and one is the laws which have been created to protect everyone. These laws safeguard the public health, forbid industrial pollution, and prohibit the sale of illegal drugs and stolen property. The laws were not created to regulate profit, control competition, or establish prices. These factors are considered economic freedoms in a private enterprise system.Bad economy. In a bad economy, people are out of work and can't afford "extra" purchases. A bad economy may be considered a negative circumstance, but not all negative circumstances affect work availability and buying power. A bad investment may create a negative circumstance. Unexpected events can be positive or negative.  Human resources. There are three main forms of specialization of human resources: specialization by trade or profession, specialization by stage of production, and specialization by task. Natural resources are resources found in nature, such as water, oil, and iron ore. Capital goods are manufactured resources used to produce goods and services. Division of labor is dividing a large job or large workforce into smaller unit parts in order to accomplish the job faster and easier.Purchasing power. Inflation, which is a rise in prices, often has a negative effect on a service business's purchasing power because now it takes more money to buy the same item. As a result, the service business is able to buy less with the same amount of money. For example, as the inflation rate increases, $1 might only be able to buy $.90 or $.80 worth of goods. The service business spends more money to buy the same items. High levels of inflation do not have a negative effect on a service business's credit rating, import quota, or secondary market. Sale of intangibles dominates. The main characteristic of a service-based economy is that its growth and prosperity depends on the sale of intangibles rather than on the sale of manufactured products. The United States is a service-based economy with the majority of workers being employed in areas such as financial services, information management, hospitality, health care, telecommunications, computing services, etc. Most of the jobs in a service-based economy do not require advanced degrees. A service-based economy usually relies on technology which develops quickly. Services are the main exports of a service-based economy.Stereotyping. A stereotype is a set image or an assumption about a person, a group of people, or a thing. Assuming that all people of a certain nationality will work long hours for low pay is stereotyping because it makes a judgment about a group as a whole rather than about individuals. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics. Prejudice is opinion or judgment that is based on feeling or hearsay, rather than fact. Harassment is any kind of behavior toward another person that is carried out for the purpose of annoying or threatening the individual.Dependability. If people can count on you to do what you say, you possess the trait of dependability. Being dependable means carrying your own weight. Industriousness, adaptability, and assertiveness are other desirable personal traits that will contribute both to your ability to get along with others and to the caliber of your job performance; however, they are not necessarily associated with dependability. Building a clientele. A clientele is a group of regular customers. It is very beneficial for the individual and the service business to have regular customers whose business you can count on. Earning raises or bonuses, making career advances, and changing employment easily are ways that honesty and integrity benefit individuals.Feedback. Feedback is evaluative information given to you about the things you say and do. It is a supervisor's responsibility to give you feedback from time to time in the form of constructive criticism that will enable you to improve your job performance. This is work related and not personal assistance. It also is not external training, which is training provided by persons or organizations outside the business. Motivation is the process of trying to get employees to strive to achieve management's objectives because they want to achieve them.Interact with other people. Empathy helps you to interact with other people because you are sensitive to their feelings and keep an open mind. Empathy should help you to handle personal conflicts, but not all conflicts can be avoided. Developing technical skills requires specialized training unrelated to empathy. Selecting an appropriate career depends upon gathering an adequate amount of information about yourself and about career opportunities.Barriers to. There are barriers to being assertive even though being assertive is the way to go. For one, some people do not like conflict of any kind and often try to avoid it at all costs. They are afraid that being assertive will ruin friendships. They do not want to appear to be aggressive so they do not stand up for themselves. Not liking conflict of any kind and avoiding it at all costs are not reasons for being assertive, methods of being assertive, or advantages of being assertive.Seeing a future they want to create. Vision is the future you desire to create and involves making positive changes to make it happen, which requires determination and hard work. Having vision involves not only wanting to create positive change, but taking the steps necessary to bring about change. A vision is more than a dream and involves putting forth effort to achieve that dream. Goals are more specific and more measurable than visions. A mission statement deals with a situation right now, whereas a vision deals with the future.Getting acquainted with coworkers helps you to treat them fairly. In order to know what would be fair to coworkers, you first need to become acquainted with them. This doesn't mean that you should ask them personal questions but general questions that will provide a basis for understanding. It is not necessary to establish personal friendships with coworkers, but you should speak to them every day.Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. The most common form is money. Money is what individuals, businesses, and governments use to buy what they need and pay expenses. Money is the thing of value. It is not a system of cash, a method of investment, or a process of accounting.Financing. Financing is a marketing function that involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions. One aspect of financing is determining the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in marketing activities. These activities would include buying for resale, developing products, or getting the product(s) to market. Pricing is determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Promotion communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Purchasing is a business activity that involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the carpet-cleaning company or for resale.Reviewing account balances online. Online banking allows businesses to perform many of the transactions that previously required the help of bank employees. Because of computer technology, a business's computer can connect with a bank's computer system by way of the Internet. Then, the business can perform various transactions, such as review balances in checking and savings accounts, transfer funds from one account to another, and pay bills. This technology makes its possible for a business to access its financial information at any time without contacting the bank. Ordering specialized checks and contacting tellers for information are not examples of using technology in the financing function. Electronically sending payment to vendors is a use of technology; however, sending payment by way of conventional checks is not a use of technology.Transactions. A transaction is a business activity, such as a sale or a return. These transactions must be recorded accurately as part of the accounting information. Credit is the arrangement by which businesses or individuals can purchase now and pay later. Investments involve using money (e.g., to purchase stock) to generate a profit. A quota is a specific goal to be met.Money, maps, and management. Budgets can be described in terms of money, maps, and management. Budgets are about money, can be compared to maps, and are great management tools. Account books, bills, and bankruptcy; desires, debt, and discipline; and savings, sales, and success are all related to certain aspects of budgeting, but none describes its main characteristics as well as money, maps, and management.Financial transactions. Posting occurs when accounting information is listed on a client's record. The purpose of posting is to record financial transactions and keep track of charges and payments. For example, a client might pay a retainer to obtain the services of a law firm. The firm posts this amount to the client's record to indicate that the client is entitled to a certain dollar amount of services. When services exceed that amount, the firm posts charges on the account. When another payment is received, it is posted on the client's record. The posting process updates the financial transactions. Law firms do not post court appearances, scheduled meetings, or personal characteristics on a client's record.Debit. A debit is the opposite of a credit. When a health-care facility transfers charges from one account to another, there is a credit to one account and a debit to another account. The amount of credit and debit must be equal. For example, if one account is credited with $50, the other account must be debited by $50. Transferring charges from one account to another does not involve crediting one account and discounting, rebating, or canceling another account.The marketing environment is constantly changing. Marketers need information in order to keep up with these rapid changes. Other reasons that marketers must gather information include an increasing geographic scope for businesses, hard-to-please consumers, and increasing competition.Selling consumer information without consent. Some service businesses (e.g., landscape companies, pet-grooming services) engage in unethical practices when gathering marketing information, such as selling consumer information without consent. When this occurs, it makes it difficult for other businesses to obtain data because consumers are reluctant to provide personal information that may be sold to others without their consent. Ethical service businesses always tell research participants how their information will be used and give them the opportunity to indicate that they do not want it to be sold to others. Ethical service businesses explain research procedures in detail, identify the sponsor of the research project, and ensure the anonymity of all participants.Inexpensive. Compared to traditional methods of conducting research, the process of using the Internet to access information is inexpensive. Internet service providers charge service businesses and individuals a fee to use their services and access the Internet, but these fees are small compared to the costs involved in doing the research by hand. Service business managers can access data worldwide in a short period of time for a fraction of the cost of paying researchers to visit libraries and sort through volumes of material. The process of using the Internet to do research and gather data is not protected, restrictive, or regulated.Explains the problem it wants to solve to the researcher. The pest-control business should explain the problem it wants to solve because researchers must understand not only what data are needed but why the data are needed. The researcher should gather only the data the pest-control business needs without looking for too much data or more data than the pest-control business can afford to gather. The pest-control business should allocate specific funds for research, not leave the costs up to the researcher.External environment. It is important for service businesses to collect marketing information from other sources in order to find out what is happening in the external environment. They need to know about the economy in general, any changes in demographics, legal or political situations, etc. This type of information is not available from within the service business but must be collected from outside sources, such as industry or trade organizations, government agencies, and consumer reports. Service businesses use both external and internal information in order to make marketing decisions and solve problems. Service businesses collect internal information from their own research departments. Internal information is also available from the parent corporation and the organization itself.Wherever customers are. In an overall sense, marketing occurs wherever customers are. Advertisements, stores, and trucks are part of marketing and can be present when marketing occurs. But marketing occurs where customers live, work, study, recreate, etc.Used. Because of the nature of most services, they generally are produced and used at the same time. For example, a cab ride is a service that takes place while the customer is experiencing it. The customer is an important part of the service and participates in it. The same is true of most other types of services, such as health care, consulting, and lodging. The service is produced by the service provider at the same time the consumer uses it. Services are generally sold before they are produced and used. Services are not produced and priced at the same time. Services cannot be inventoried.Goal will be reached. Although the marketing strategy may involve lowering prices or organizing the tactics, a carpet-cleaning company's strategy is important because it shows how its goal will be reached. The marketing mix is blended after the marketing strategy is selected.Market. A market consists of customers or potential customers who have unfulfilled desires and are financially able and willing to satisfy those desires. An economic system is the organized way in which a nation handles its economic decisions and solves its economic problems. A corporate chain consists of a number of similar stores owned and managed by a corporate organization. A cooperative is a business that is owned and operated by its customers.Marketing. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. The marketing plan is one part of the overall business plan that identifies the nature of the company, how it will operate, and what its goals and objectives are. The purpose of the marketing plan is to identify how the architecture firm will achieve its goals. An architecture firm does not usually does not include a credit plan, an emergency plan, or a training plan in its business plan.Sales forecast. The sales forecast predicts what a barber shop's sales volume should be at a predetermined level of marketing support and economic conditions. Accurate sales forecasts are important tools used for marketing strategy and financial strategy decision making. Demand analysis is a process that involves using various sources of information to guide the development and adjustment of merchandise offerings. A stock-turnover ratio is a comparison of the number of units sold to the average units of stock. Dollar control is keeping track of inventory according to the dollar value of the stock.Customer relationship management (CRM). A variety of computer software helps carpet-cleaning businesses streamline their business processes and increase their efficiency levels. CRM software organizes and stores information about the business's customers and prospective customers. The software facilitates the business's ability to build ongoing relationships with their customers. A business's manufacturing or production functions use materials requirements planning (MRP) software. Computer-aided engineering (CAE) software is useful for product development. Businesses use automated clearinghouse (ACH) software for financial purposes, particularly banking activities.Hyperlink. Many pages on the World Wide Web are connected by hyperlinks. A service business's home page may include hyperlinks that users can click on to jump to other pages on the service business's web site. Some service businesses include hyperlinks from their web sites to other related sites. For example, a service business searching government agencies might be able to jump from the FBI's site to the CIA's site by clicking on the hyperlink for that agency. An attachment is an electronic file attached to an e-mail message. Software are programs that instruct computers to perform specific operations. A password enables a user to gain access to certain sites.Rights to privacy. More and more insurance companies are using marketing information systems to collect personal information about clients. What insurance companies do with this information is important because they risk violating their clients' rights to privacy. Insurance companies need to protect their clients' rights to privacy because clients who feel that insurance companies have misused their private information may stop doing business with those insurance companies or go so far as to take legal action. Clients' access to credit, level of service, or need for information are not affected by a business's use of a marketing information system.Have more choices. Customers have more choices when they are offered multiple methods for making a purchase or getting their questions answered. In the long run, this provides more conveniences because customers can shop online from their computers at home, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. More choices combined with better conveniences actually result in higher customer satisfaction levels. Service marketers can still identify and select target markets, regardless of the methods (i.e., telephone, face-to-face, or online) they use to communicate with customers.Safety training. Safety training is formal instruction about ways to prevent danger or injury. Carpet-cleaning businesses can reduce the risk of accidents by instructing employees about how to use equipment properly, how to spot hazardous conditions, and the procedures to follow if safety is compromised. Fitness guidelines, supply manuals, and health tips will not reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace.Using closed-circuit television. Closed-circuit television can be used to monitor customer activity in a pet-grooming business's reception area as well as vendor and/or employee activity in other areas of the facility. This system helps prevent or detect theft as well as other types of unethical behavior that could possibly occur. Raising prices and setting fewer appointments would reduce customer traffic, which might improve security but would also reduce the pet-grooming business's income. Establishing longer hours could increase risk.Making sure that production deadlines were met. Follow-up is the last production activity. Its purposes include making sure production was carried out according to plan, that production schedules met customers' deadlines, and products met company standards. Projecting sales for products is sales forecasting. Estimating the number of steps in the production process is part of scheduling. Making sure that production steps follow the proper sequence is routing.Straightening up personal workstation. A routine housekeeping activity that employees should perform on a regular basis is straightening up of his/her personal workstation. If an employee's workstation and floor are cluttered with books, papers, and other supplies, the area around the employee's workstation can create a hazard for other employees because they might trip over the items and injure themselves. A business's maintenance staff is responsible for washing windows, vacuuming carpets, and cleaning the receiving area.Accept only cash and credit cards. Small beauty shops decide the forms of payment they will accept. Some shops decide to accept only cash and credit cards because they do not want the problem of losing money because of bad checks. Accepting only cash and credit cards eliminates the possibility of bad-check losses because the shop does not accept checks. When accepting personal checks, there is always the risk that the check is bad and the shop will not be paid. Requiring photo identification, verifying account information, and obtaining home and work phone numbers are ways to reduce bad-check losses. However, these procedures will not eliminate the possibility. Close the facility. A hair salon's employees generally check the waiting area and rest rooms for lingering clients when they are preparing to close the facility. Since cash drawers are counted and checked after the closing, the hair salon's employees walk through the facility to look for unauthorized individuals, lowering the risk of robbery. It is also the reason that the hair salon's entry doors are locked when conducting closing procedures. A hair salon's employees do not check the waiting area and rest rooms for clients before dismantling displays, changing shifts, or cleaning up the hair stylists' workstations.Brainstorming. Brainstorming is a creative thinking technique involving the identification of as many different ideas as possible during a certain time frame. Brainstorming can be done by one person but is used most often in a group setting, such as employees getting together to share ideas in order to solve problems. Engineering firms often encourage employees to brainstorm to generate new approaches and solutions. Role-playing involves acting out a situation. Concept mapping involves drawing a map of your ideas so that you can see how one idea relates to another. Visualizing involves picturing something in your mind.Daily schedule. After you identify your activities, estimate how much time they will take, and identify their importance, you need to schedule when the activity will be completed during the day. A scheduled activity is much more likely to be carried out than one that has not been put on the schedule. A budget estimates what income and expenses will be for a specific period of time. A lead list is a list of organizations or individuals who might be interested in a salesperson's good or service. A job description is a written record of the duties and responsibilities associated with a particular job.Visit personnel offices to pick up applications. Visiting personnel offices to pick up application materials is one method of approaching prospective employers in order to look for a job. Personnel officers usually won't spend a lot of time with applicants who stop by, but they will be willing to provide information and answer simple questions. In some cases, an applicant may be able to schedule an interview for a later time. Before visiting personnel offices, applicants usually organize their information by preparing résumés, contacting associates to serve as references, and obtaining copies of school transcripts.Give name clearly. Effectively beginning the interview is very important because first impressions are often long-lasting. One technique for getting off to a good start is to smile and give your name clearly when you greet the interviewer. This sends a positive signal to the interviewer and creates a good impression. It is inappropriate to tell jokes because the applicant probably does not know the interviewer personally. Interviewees should speak in a normal tone of voice. The interviewer should take the initiative.Volunteer experience. Many teenagers entering the job market for the first time have never had paying jobs that they can list in the employment section of their résumés. It is acceptable for these people to list any volunteer experience that they might have had. Volunteer work is a substitute for paid work because it indicates that they have had experience following directions and completing tasks. Technical training, honorary memberships, and industry awards are types of information often listed in the education section of a résumé.Business interests or careers. Professional organizations and trade associations are formed specifically to unite people with similar business interests or careers. Members of individual organizations or associations may also have other factors in common such as training, education, or experience.Outgoing personality. Many jobs in the services marketing industry require frequent contact with customers; therefore, it is important for employees in these positions to have outgoing personalities. They need to enjoy working with people, be friendly, and be able to communicate effectively. Businesses have found that they need to recruit employees who have outgoing personalities because it is an intrinsic trait that cannot be easily taught. Aggressive behavior is conduct that ignores the rights of others or exploits them in order to achieve personal goals. A defensive attitude involves having a negative feeling toward criticism or suggestions. Manual dexterity is skill in using your hands.Exchange. The exchange price is the amount of money that the buyer is willing to pay and the seller is willing to accept for a good or service. When a  dry cleaner decides to charge $7 to clean a shirt, it is because customers are willing and able to pay that amount. The exchange price indicates that the dry cleaner and the customers have agreed on a value for dry cleaning a shirt. A dry cleaner considers several factors when determining an exchange price. First, a dry cleaner needs to be flexible with its pricing and adjust the price depending on the amount that its target market is willing and able to pay. Also, a dry cleaner considers the prices that other dry cleaners are charging for the same service in order to remain competitive. Both the dry cleaner and the customers want the optimum value from the dry-cleaning service.To drive out competitors. Predatory pricing involves setting very low prices on certain goods or services in order to hurt competitors and try to drive them out of business. Predatory pricing is unethical because its only purpose is to drive out the competition. Home security businesses that engage in predatory pricing usually do so for only the amount of time it takes to drive out competitors, and then they raise the prices. Deceptive pricing is intended to mislead customers. Businesses that form agreements concerning prices are involved in price fixing. Businesses do not use predatory pricing in order to appeal to advertisers.Insurance. Fixed costs are those costs of doing business that do not change with changes in sales volume. They also include rent, mortgage payments, and utilities. Shipping charges, sales commissions, and cost of goods sold fluctuate directly with fluctuations in sales and are considered variable costs.To compile customer databases. Services businesses often use Internet technology to obtain valuable information about customers. Today, many businesses maintain web sites that are visited by many users who may be potential customers. When users visit the sites, the businesses often ask them to register in order to access the site. Then, the registration process involves answering a series of questions, such as name, street address, e-mail address, personal interests, business associations, etc. The businesses compile this information into customer databases that they can use to send additional information to those visitors who fit the criteria of their target markets. Businesses do not use the information that they are able to obtain due to the advances in Internet technology to develop production systems, interview potential employees, or prepare operating policies.Ethical. When a lawn-care business exhibits ethical behavior, it is being socially responsible because it is considering society's well-being. A lawn-care business that reduces its use of toxic chemicals is exhibiting an ethical attitude because it is taking steps to preserve the natural environment and not damage the atmosphere. A lawn-care business that reduces its use of toxic chemicals is not necessarily exhibiting logical, authentic, or conservative attitudes or beliefs.Group members most often generate new ideas by altering or building upon another idea. When more than one person is involved in the creative-thinking process, different types of ideas are often generated because each member has a unique point of view. Often, one member contributes an idea. When this occurs, another member might come up with another idea based on the original idea. The success of group creative-thinking processes depends on many factors including each member's contribution and the situation requiring idea generation. Therefore, it cannot be assumed that one technique is more effective or generates more ideas than another technique.Idea generation. Idea generation is the process of thinking up or creating new plans, schemes, or thoughts. Businesses use the process to create new products and to modify existing products. Service businesses (e.g., hair salons) get ideas for new services from many sources, including employees, trade associations, and their customers. For example, a customer might tell his/her hair stylist that s/he would like the business to offer facials and other spa services. Product testing, idea screening, and product evaluation are steps in product development that occur after generating the ideas for new products.Offering supplementary services. Supplementary services are services that are outside of the core services that the business offers to customers. These supplementary services often help businesses set themselves apart from the competition. Because many services are basically the same regardless of the business that provides them, customers may not have a preference for one business over another. If a business can offer supplementary services that appeal to customers, customers may choose that business rather than its competitor(s). Monitoring pricing strategies, using service intermediaries, and joining professional organizations are not trends in new-service development.Reduced number of products available. Time standards monitor the amount of time needed to complete an activity. Not completing activities on time often results in fewer products' being produced or being available for sale. This can increase costs to the point that businesses have a financial loss. The effects on product quality and promotion cannot be determined.Express and implied. The two classifications of warranties based on whether promises are stated or simply understood are express and implied warranties. Express warranties are stated orally or in writing, while implied warranties are simply understood. Full and limited warranties are two classifications of warranties based on the extent of the promises made.Positioning. Positioning is a product mix strategy in which a beauty salon creates a certain image or impression of a product in the minds of consumers. Beauty salons must determine the best position to seek for their products because correct positioning is necessary to sales and profits. Positioning can make or break a salon's product mix. Contraction is a product mix strategy in which a beauty salon removes, or deletes, product items or product lines from its product mix. Alteration is a product mix strategy in which a salon makes changes to its products or product lines. Expansion is a product mix strategy in which a business expands its product mix by adding additional product items or product lines.Price and product. The marketing elements of price and product are being used to position the product by emphasizing the quality that is available at a high price. The rental business is combining product and price. The business is not using promotion or place to position the product.Brand recognition, brand preference, and brand insistence. Companies try to create brand loyalty to increase sales. The usual stages of brand loyalty are brand recognition, in which the brand is introduced and becomes recognized by consumers; brand preference, in which consumers prefer to purchase the brand because of their positive experience with it; and brand insistence, in which customers insist on buying the brand and will not accept a substitute.Delivering packages overnight. A service business performs intangible activities that satisfy the wants of consumers or industrial users. These intangible acts and processes are the business's products. Delivering packages overnight is the product of a business that sells transportation and delivery services. Although the business is transporting a physical package, the act of delivering it is the service, or product. The services a business sells to customers should not be confused with the services that a business provides to customers. Providing pricing information, resolving problems, and taking orders are customer-service activities that support the sales operation of the business.Customers'. A service business performs specialized, intangible activities that satisfy the needs and wants of consumers or industrial users. A service culture refers to the collective attitudes and behaviors that influence the way that a service business carries out its activities. To create a positive service culture, a service business must create and maintain an environment that fosters positive customer relationships. Although it is important to consider the business's employees and vendors, the customers' needs and expectations are the most important priority. A service business is not concerned about its competitors' needs and expectations.Service-recovery process. The guidelines that a business establishes and uses to resolve customers' complaints and problems with a product are called the service-recovery process. Service businesses that try to resolve problems efficiently and fairly so that the customer is satisfied with the outcome is using an efficient service-recovery process. For example, if a customer complains that a janitorial service did not clean the bathrooms to his/her satisfaction, the janitorial service might offer a discount or provide a free supplemental service as a way to appease the customer. A continuous-improvement plan is a set of procedures that a company uses to improve its performance in many areas of the business. Customer-retention efforts often include activities to build and develop positive sales relationships but do not focus entirely on resolving customers' complaints or problems. Response-maintenance program is a fictitious term. Place. Place is the internal marketing factor that involves promoting a product only where and when it is available. A local dry cleaner that will be offering a new delivery service in only one area should consider targeting customers in that section of town. It would be useless for the dry cleaner to promote the service in a place where customers are unable to use it. Price is a marketing element requiring marketers to determine the amount of money they will ask in exchange for their products. Legal and social are external factors that a business should consider when deciding which promotional tools to use.To compete for customers. In many cases, competing pest-control businesses use very similar promotional mixes. This can be attributed to the fact that many of the factors affecting the promotional mix will have the same effect on all pest-control businesses. If couponing and newspaper advertising are effective for one pest-control business, other pest-control businesses will use the same promotion to avoid losing customers to the competition. A pest-control business would not use the same promotional mix as other pest-control businesses to reduce expenses. Promotion is intended to send messages and explain services, but those are not reasons for using the same promotional mix as competitors.Promotional. Promotion is the marketing element that involves the various types of communications that marketers use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. Advertising is a nonpersonal, paid form of promotion. To protect consumers from misleading or deceptive advertising, governments develop and enforce laws that regulate how businesses can promote their products. Distribution refers to the activities that involve moving or transferring ownership of products from producers to consumers. Financial activities involve the allocation of funds to operate a business. Research activities involve collecting and analyzing data.The mix of local ads varies based on the cable provider. Time Warner Cable airs a different mix of local advertising than Wide Open West, which means that the owner of the small dry-cleaning business would need to purchase ads with both cable providers to get the most local coverage. National network ads remain the same regardless of what cable provider is used. Fox, WB, and UPN are network channels rather than local channels; therefore, these options would be excluded as an advertising choice. People from all across the United States will only see the ad if it is broadcast on network, cable, or satellite television.Spam filters. Direct mail is a promotional medium that comes to consumers' homes and businesses. E-mail is a form of direct mail that service businesses send by computer. Spam is junk e-mail that the recipient does not request and does not allow the recipient to request removal from the subscriber list. To reduce the amount of spam recipients receive, service businesses and consumers are installing software programs that filter the spam, which keeps it from reaching the intended recipients. Invalid e-mail addresses, rather than home addresses, would prevent e-mail recipients from receiving e-mail. Reply options do not keep e-mail from reaching the intended message recipients. Promotion control is a fictitious term.Logotype. The logotype is the name and/or symbol used by a service business. Service businesses believe that having a unique logotype creates an image that people will come to recognize and associate with a specific service business. The logotype clearly identifies the product's brand or advertiser to consumers. An illustration is a photograph, drawing, painting, or graphic such as a chart, table, or graph. A headline is text set in large type and usually positioned at the top of an advertisement. A photograph is an illustration.Increase its sales and profits. This is the carpet-cleaning company's ultimate goal—what it hopes the promotional plan will help it to accomplish. The other alternatives are objectives that may be part of the overall plan. The carpet-cleaning company may also use promotion to create or to maintain a specific image, which appeals to its target market. All of these factors are part of the effort to increase sales and profits.Carry out the theme of. Displays should be built around the same theme as that of the firm's advertisements. The theme of the ads and the displays should be clear to viewers and give them the same message about the product(s). Displays cannot take the place of advertisements since they serve different functions. Displays should not contrast or compete with advertisements but serve as reinforcements in the overall promotional program.Marketing. The marketing mix is the combination of the four elements of marketing—product, place, promotion, and price.  Integrated marketing communications refers to the coordination of clear and unified messages that a business distributes through various message channels to its customers and to the public about itself and its products. Successful integrated marketing communications make sure that each message channel (e.g., brochures, web site, broadcast advertisement) conveys the same information to provide clear, unified (consistent) messages. Management is a business activity. Sales are part of the marketing function. Product mix is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business offers in order to meet its market's needs and its company's goals.Kelly tells Kyle that her dentist is using a new, pain-free technique to fill cavities. Promotion is the various types of communications that marketers use to inform, persuade, or remind customers of their products. Word-of-mouth promotion occurs when people discuss or recommend certain products to others, while in an informal setting. When Kelly tells Kyle about an innovative, pain-free process that her dentist uses, she is promoting a specific business service. A service business performs specialized, intangible activities that satisfy the needs and wants of consumers or industrial users. Kyle might decide to go to Kelly's dentist upon hearing about the dentist's services. Kate is engaging in research when she conducts an Internet search to locate local attorneys. Although Marco and Jake might make purchases based on recommendations, a stereo system and a computer are goods rather than services.Service. Most businesses feel customers (clients) are entitled to this service, rather than considering it as a courtesy, a favor, or a bonus. Through well-trained, well-informed salespeople, selling provides the client with valuable product knowledge that can aid in making sound buying decisions.Product knowledge. Salespeople need to have a thorough knowledge of their products in order to sell them successfully and provide good customer service. Salespeople need to know how their products operate, what their capabilities and limitations are, and how they should be used. Then, they need to be able to translate this information into terms that will benefit their customers and help them buy the products that best meet their needs. When salespeople understand their products and sell the products that customers want, they often increase sales. Not all salespeople need technical backgrounds, although they do need training about their specific products. Salespeople who have dominant personalities may be too pushy for some customers. Salespeople who have carefree attitudes may not take their jobs seriously.Assess sales staff performance. By assessing sales staff performance, managers can determine the success of the employees and the selling policies. Salespeople interact with potential customers and explain policies. Regulations are determined by federal and state governments along with regulatory agencies. Salespersons' responses are directed by the established selling policies.Unethical behaviour. Unethical behaviour involves acting in a way that is wrong. A service business salesperson who moonlights or attends classes on company time is behaving unethically because s/he is not working during the time for which s/he is being paid. In fact, these activities are ways of stealing (wages) from the service business. Some service businesses allow employees to hold second jobs, however, these jobs should be performed on their own time and should not interfere with their primary job responsibilities. Unless the class is related to the salesperson's job, a service business usually expects  the salesperson to attend class on his/her own time. Misusing company assets involves using company cars for personal activities or padding expense accounts. Salespeople who moonlight or attend classes on company time are not wasting their time, but are using company time for personal activities. Moonlighting or attending classes on company time are not violations of the law.Salesperson says the lawn treatment is safe. Misrepresentation involves exaggerating the capabilities of a good or service or promising more than a good or service can provide. To avoid misrepresenting a good or service, salespeople should understand the difference between making factual statements and simply praising a good or service. Saying that the lawn treatment is safe is usually considered a factual statement. If that proves to be incorrect because the chemicals used harm the lawn or make people sick, a customer might take legal action against a company and the salesperson for misrepresentation. It would be better for the salesperson to say the service is safe in most situations when used correctly, or that studies have found the service to be safe most of the time. Then, the salesperson has not promised that the lawn treatment is always safe. It is not misrepresentation to offer a standard discount, point out a feature of a service, or describe an obvious benefit.Advertising materials. Advertising is any paid form of non personal presentation of ideas, goods, or services. Business-services salespeople should be familiar with all of the company's brochures, ads, and other promotions in order to use the information they contain in selling to customers. News releases generally present information of general interest that may or may not be useful in selling. The information found in personnel records and financial reports is often confidential and not meant to be shared with customers.Benefits. Customers do not buy features; they buy benefits. In order to persuade customers to buy, home-security salespeople need to be able to translate the features of their services in terms of benefits to the individual customer. By explaining the benefits of those services, salespeople will enable customers to understand the differences between their services and those of their competitors. A feature is a fact or characteristic of the product. Warranties and uses are product features.Economic needs. Most buying decisions are affected by economic needs and what consumers think is the best way to spend their money. Consumers buy certain services and pay certain prices for a variety of reasons, such as to save money, get the best quality, or save time. Some consumers always look for the lowest priced services because saving money is important to them. Others will spend more to get the best quality or to save time. A consumer who looks for the lowest priced service is not making a buying decision based on past experience, basic wants, or current information.Substitute selling. Substitute selling involves suggesting services other than the original request. The salon employee uses substitute selling by telling Pete that Wanda can cut his hair because Beth is on vacation. Optional selling is not a sales technique. Since the price of the product is not given, it is not possible to determine whether trading up to a higher priced product, trading down to a lower priced product, or buying the same price product has been suggested.Get the customer talking. The best way to find the real objection is to get the customer talking. By asking questions pertaining to the service and then by carefully listening to the customer, the real objection may surface. Once business-services salespeople have uncovered the real objections, they can provide the answers that might encourage customers to buy. Business-services salespeople should never ask customers personal questions. Waiting for customers to explain may not uncover their real objections. Business-services salespeople should not suggest that customers are not being truthful.A sincere effort to be of service to the customer. Suggestion selling should offer items that will increase the customer's satisfaction with his/her purchase. People react negatively to high-pressure methods. Passiveness will not bring items to the attention of the customer. Suggestion selling might include unrelated items, greater quantities, and higher priced items.Open-ended. The purpose of probing is to get the customer talking. An open-ended question requires more than a "yes" or "no" answer. A closed-end question is a question that is structured so that it can be answered "yes" or "no." Personal and sensitive questions should not be asked as they may offend the customer.Using consistent, clear, and friendly communication. Customers who buy services often perceive the purchase to be a greater risk to them because services are intangible, one-time experiences. To help customers feel comfortable about purchasing services, service businesses should use a consistent, clear, and friendly communication mix to inform customers about their products, philosophies, and policies. For example, a doctor might tell his/her patients (customers) that s/he he believes in providing medical care in a certain way. The doctor might print brochures to communicate information about his/her medical philosophy and medical credentials. The doctor might also rely on positive word-of-mouth referrals from his/her patients to build trust and goodwill. By using a combination of communication methods, the doctor can often help to reduce the patients' risk perceptions. Developing and maintaining a web site is one way that service businesses can communicate consistent, clear, and friendly information about services. Service businesses use customer satisfaction surveys to evaluate services rather than to reduce customers' risk perceptions. Most service businesses create and implement customer-service policies and procedures; however, it is the way the information is communicated that will help customers feel comfortable about purchasing services from the business.