Americans with Disabilities Act. The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) prohibits businesses from discriminating against disabled individuals who are qualified to do the job. In order to protect these individuals, the ADA also regulates the type of questions that businesses may ask potential employees. Businesses may not ask questions about medical histories, specific diseases, prescription drug usage, treatment for mental health problems, etc. These are issues that businesses should not consider when hiring employees. The Vocational Rehabilitation Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, and the National Labor Relations Act do not prohibit businesses from asking potential employees about their medical history.
Open corporations. Individuals who invest their money in an open, or public, corporation are known as stockholders, or shareholders, because what they actually purchase are shares of stock in the corporation. This gives the investors the opportunity to share in the growth and possible profits of the corporation. General partnerships are owned by two or more partners. A close corporation is owned by a few people and does not offer its shares for sale to the general public. A sole proprietorship is owned 
Order and protection. Laws are rules that govern a person's behavior. A person who is caught breaking a law can be subject to punishment (e.g., fine, employment dismissal, prison sentence). The purpose of a law is to create order within a group or society, maintain a sense of fairness or equity among people, and protect people from the wrongful acts of others by providing security. Without laws, some people might behave in dangerous or unethical ways. Consistent regulations and legal boundaries do not provide society with uniqueness. Lawlessness can create chaos, turmoil, and inequitable treatment of others.
Civilized nations. General principles of law are the guidelines that the majority of humans embrace and live by in terms of right and wrong behavior. These guidelines originate from civilized (enlightened or evolved) countries whose citizens value life and care for the environment. Many third-world countries are civilized but lack economic stability and do not have a strong infrastructure to support their people. Some civilized nations are governed by socialist governments and governments with specific political views, but not all of them are.
Secondary. Secondary sources of law are based on principles described in a primary source of law. Secondary sources are articles, legal reviews, books, educational publications, and written court decisions that provide legal professionals with guidance when interpreting the law. Qualitative, procedural, and quantitative are not sources of law.
Believes his/her rights have been violated. A civil lawsuit is a personal complaint in which one party believes that another party has violated his/her rights by acting in a negligent way. For example, a person who is injured in an accident might file a lawsuit against the person who caused the accident. A statutory law is a written regulation that is approved by a governing body. When a person breaks his/her own code of ethics, s/he doesn't necessarily file a civil lawsuit against someone else. An appeal is an action in which a defendant requests that another court review a previous court's decision as it relates to his/her case.
File an appeal with a higher court. If one party disagrees with a court's decision (judgment), the party can file an appeal with a higher (appellate) court. An appeal is a request to review the lower court's decision to determine if procedural errors were made. An appellate court can overturn a lower court's decision. A country's Supreme Court is the highest court in the land, but it does not automatically review all cases that seek its intervention. If a judge declares a mistrial during the trial process, the case will likely be retried at the same court level. Mediation is an attempt to resolve a dispute through an independent, neutral third party rather than through the court system.
The U.S. federal court district hears cases in which the United States is a party. In the United States, there are courts at many levels of government (e.g., local, state, federal). Jurisdiction refers to the authority that each court level has to make decisions about disputes (e.g., subject matter, location). The U.S. federal court district is limited to hearing cases that involve a federal question, the diversity of citizenship, or those in which the U.S. is a party (e.g., defendant, plaintiff). Personal injury cases are heard in the U.S. federal court only if the U.S. government is a party in the case. 
Compensatory. Compensatory damages are payments that the court orders a wrongdoer to pay to a victim. Examples of compensatory damages are medical expenses, lost wages, loss of property, etc. Punitive damages are financial awards that go above and beyond compensatory damages and serve as a way of punishing the wrongdoer. Consequential damages are financial payments that the court orders a wrongdoer to pay to a victim, which is not awarded as an immediate result of the wrongdoing, but as an indirect consequence of the wrongdoer's actions. Aggregate is a fictitious term to describe types of damages.
Embezzlement. A crime is a wrongdoing against society. An action is defined as a crime by determining if it violates a law and by examining the offender's intent. Embezzlement is the fraudulent use of another person's or a business's property, usually money. For example, if an employee steals or misallocates funds from his/her employer, it is embezzlement. Embezzlement is a crime because it breaks a law and it is an intentional act. Defamation, unintentional negligence, and breach of contract are concepts associated with tort law rather than crimes.
Responsible behavior. Under common law, individuals and businesses are expected to exhibit responsible behavior—this is referred to as the duty of being reasonable. When businesses do not take steps to make their environments safe, they are behaving in a negligent, irresponsible manner. Businesses that exhibit imprecise actions, indifferent attitudes, or defensive conduct may be acting in a negligent manner. These are violations of civic duty.
Reputation. Reputation is the way a business's customers, shareholders, vendors, and community view it in terms of image and integrity. When a business is a defendant in a legal action, information might reveal that the business behaved in an illegal or unethical way. As a result, the business might lose its credibility with its public, which can negatively impact its reputation. Social responsibility refers to a business's role and the attitude it has for the well-being of society and the physical environment. Attributes are the physical characteristics of something, such as a good or service. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, and solutions. People, not businesses, have creative abilities.   
Customer injury. If a customer is hurt (e.g., falling on a wet floor) while on a business's property, the business may be legally responsible for compensating the customer (e.g., medical bills, lost wages) because the business was negligent. Businesses can purchase liability insurance to reduce the risk of extreme financial losses due to circumstances such as customer injury. A business purchases commercial property insurance for protection against property loss. Credit insurance protects a manufacturing or wholesale business from losses due to its customers' debt. Disability insurance provides a person with payment in the event the person is unable to work. 
Purchasing insurance. Insurance is a contractual agreement in which one company (insurer) will pay for specified losses incurred by the other company (insured) in return for installment payments (premiums). By purchasing business insurance, businesses can reduce the amount they must pay for financial losses (liability) that result from accidents, fires, or other business risks. Responsible businesses review their assets and liabilities on a regular basis, so they can make sure that they have enough insurance to cover potential losses. Legal counsel, negotiation, and risk assessment do not necessarily limit a business's liability.
Yes, if the agreement does not violate statutory law. A contract is an agreement between two or more parties stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by another party. Oral agreements are legal and enforceable if they contain agreement, consideration, and capacity (mental competency), and do not involve illegal activities. For example, some governments prohibit gambling, which would make an oral agreement to pay a gambling debt illegal and unenforceable. Non-compete clauses are stipulations in an employer/employee contract that state that the employee promises not to work for the employer's competitors for a certain time upon leaving his/her job with the company.
Real estate. Under the Statute of Frauds, there are certain types of contracts that are not enforceable unless they are put in writing. Real estate, marriage, sale of goods over $5,000, and some time-bound contracts are agreements that must be put in writing. Some employers ask employees to sign contracts while other employers do not. A personal contract must be in writing if it is a type of contract that is described in the Statute of Frauds.
Contracted to work on federal projects. Affirmative action is an effort to give special employment consideration to disadvantaged groups. In the United States, affirmative action programs are not mandated for all businesses, but are required under certain circumstances.  For example, companies that perform contract work for government projects or organizations that receive federal funding (e.g., state colleges) are required to meet specific criteria and have a documented affirmative action plan in place. The U.S. government does not mandate that businesses have affirmative action programs if the businesses are private corporations, unable to meet financial objectives, or suffer from credibility problems.
Monitor service quality. Many governments guarantee their citizens certain rights to privacy. However, privacy laws in the workplace vary by country, state, and province. Generally, the act of listening to employees' telephone calls is a legitimate practice when it relates to specific business activities, such as monitoring service quality. To maintain trust within the organization, employers should tell employees about the telephone surveillance policies. Telephone surveillance does not improve employees' morale. Monitoring telephone calls to obtain personal information may be a tort involving the invasion of privacy. Businesses do not dismiss highly productive workers unless there is just cause.
Whistle-blower. A whistle-blower is an employee who reports his/her employer's illegal or unethical business activities. To protect the employee from experiencing employer retaliation or backlash (e.g., demotion, employment termination), governments develop and enforce whistle-blower laws. E-commerce laws deal with web-based business activities. Antitrust laws address issues relating to competition in the marketplace. Discrimination laws are regulations that deal with the unfair treatment of people based on gender, age, or race.
Identify and prosecute wrongdoers. Wrongdoings that occur over computer networks (Internet) are cyber crimes. Because these types of wrongdoings often do not involve physical evidence, such as fingerprints and DNA, it is often difficult to identify who is responsible for the wrongdoing and hold him/her accountable for his/her actions. A cyber crime's physical evidence does not determine tort duties, nor does it affect the ability to monitor or control appellate judges. It might be difficult to retrieve government records if the cyber crime involved government computer networks, but not all cyber crimes involve government information, which is usually under high security. 
Identity theft. Theft occurs when one person takes someone else's property without his/her knowledge and consent. Most countries consider stealing an illegal activity. The Internet allows people to purchase products and pay bills by using their computers. As a result, personal information such as bank account numbers and credit card numbers are often subject to theft. Computer hackers are people who break into others' computer networks. Many hackers engage in identity theft (stealing) by accessing others' banking and credit information and using the information for their own benefit. Businesses must take reasonable care to provide their customers with security to avoid customer lawsuits. Embezzlement occurs when an employee steals from his/her employer. A server is a main computer that stores information. Contract interference occurs when one party takes action that results in a contract being lost or invalidated for another party.
Reduces paperwork. Many courts are allowing attorneys to file pretrial documents by e-mail for certain types of court cases. Sending the documents by e-mail reduces paperwork, decreases costs, and increases productivity. Because there is always a risk associated electronic transmission (e.g., hackers, e-mail deletion, computer viruses) e-mail does not necessarily provide document security.
Yes, when proof shows that two or more people share profits, a relationship may exist under the partnership by implication provision. In some countries (e.g., United States), a legal provision states that involuntary partnerships can exist in certain situations (e.g., the ongoing sharing of profits) without legal documents to acknowledge the partnership. The partnership by implication provision is valid when two or more people are involved, rather than three or more people. Documents such as bank statements and correspondence can prove that a partnership relationship exists even though the partners may file separate income tax reports. Although circumstances depend on the physical location of the partnership, most general partnerships are not required to file the articles of partnership form.
Articles of incorporation. Businesses must take many legal steps when forming a corporation. One step in forming a corporation is applying for a charter with the appropriate government agency. This also involves completing a legal document often referred to as the articles of incorporation. This document includes information, such as the formation date, duration, type of business, share-issuance information, etc. Statement of corporate intent, certificate of corporate entity, and deed of incorporation are fictitious terms.
Price fixing. Price fixing is an illegal business agreement in which competing businesses agree on prices of their products, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Pricing fixing also keeps smaller businesses from being able to compete with those businesses that engage in the illegal activity. Therefore, the antitrust laws not only protect consumers, they also protect other businesses from being unfairly pushed out of the market. Monopoly refers to a condition in which one supplier controls a market and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. Antitrust laws are in place to protect consumers and businesses from monopolistic activities; however, the term equitable monopoly is not one that is widely recognized in the business law field. International trade and sponsorship exploitation are not illegal activities that are usually regulated by antitrust laws.
Creative expression. Intellectual property is a person's ideas or formulas, which are intangible by nature and are made tangible through creative expression. This creative expression includes numerical notations, scientific testing, words, art, sculpture, processes, recipes, trade secrets, etc. People can protect their intellectual property from the unauthorized use of others by registering with the government for a copyright, trademark, or patent. Intellectual property does not become tangible through applied mathematics, scientific testing, or documented words.
Fair use. The fair use provision allows someone to use or reference copyrighted materials in some situations. For example, it is permissible for a student to quote an excerpt of a poem in a research paper if the creator or source is identified in the document. Since the student is not receiving a financial reward and is limiting its use to a single research paper, the fair use provision is applicable. Restricted access and limited admittance are not terms widely used to describe the use of copyrighted materials. A pooling agreement occurs when a corporation's stockholders agree to vote a certain way.
Nonobvious, useful, and novel. These are the three requirements for a product to be patentable. The Patent Office makes these determinations, but if patent infringement is committed on certain products, the court must agree with the Patent Office's determinations in order for the patent to be upheld, and for the patent holder to recover damages. The product need not be profitable or eccentric. The product should not be obvious or improved. Finally, the product need not be fundamental.
Injunction. An injunction is a court order forbidding someone from carrying out an act, such as using another business's trademark without permission. An injunction is a remedy that the civil court system uses to prevent further infringement of intellectual property. Imprisonment is a punishment that a criminal court issues. Deportation refers to the removal or expulsion of a person from a country. Disintermediation is the elimination of middlemen that result in the transfer of products directly from the producer to the ultimate consumer.
Arraignment. The arraignment is when a defendant formally hears and responds to the crimes with which s/he is charged. During the arraignment process, the defendant can enter a plea of not guilty, guilty, or no contest. An indictment occurs when a grand jury determines that there is enough evidence that a crime occurred. Pretrial conference involves preparing for trial activities and occurs after the arraignment. When a defendant appeals a court decision, s/he requests that the appellate court review the trial court's decision.
Profit maximization. Some business activities are legal but do not reflect the depth of an individual's or company's ethics (moral code). Therefore, when a company performs normal business activities, it must consider its social responsibility—its duty to contribute to the well-being of society. Part of a company's social responsibility involves how much profit the business makes. Profit maximization happens when a company prices products to gain as much profit as the market will tolerate. Opponents of profit maximization believe that the concept has the potential for businesses to behave unethically by charging too much for products. Profit maximization supporters believe that the company is providing jobs and enhancing economic stability within the community, so it has the right to make as much profit as possible. In addition, a company must make enough profit to pay employees, buy supplies, and cover other expenses. Price gouging, deceptive labeling, and insider trading are illegal activities.
Resource allocation. Resources are the things that are used to produce goods and services and to run a business. Business resources might include money, raw materials, personnel, and vendors. A business that has legal problems often moves and uses its resources in other ways. For example, a business might reallocate some of its profits to pay for lawyers. Or, employees might take time away from their jobs to testify on the company's behalf. A distribution channel is the route a product takes to reach the end user. A distribution channel is one of a business's resources and is not always affected by a company's legal issues. Property value is the amount of money that something (e.g., land, equipment) is worth. Purchasing procedures are the guidelines a business uses to buy goods and services. Property values and purchasing procedures are not always primary business components that are affected by a company's legal problems.
Legislative. There are three governing powers of the U.S. government and each area is designed to provide checks and balances for one another. The legislative branch (Congress) makes the laws, the executive branch (President) carries out the laws, and the judicial branch (Supreme Court) interprets the laws. Administrative is a source of law rather than a governing power.
A person is allowed to vote at the age of eighteen. Laws are the rules that govern a person's behavior. Laws help maintain order within a group. Substantive laws are rules that identify and protect a person's rights and responsibilities. A law that states that an eighteen-year-old citizen can vote is expressing a person's right to make his/her voice heard, and his/her responsibility to be an involved citizen. The location of a trial, the required size of a jury, and a prison sentence are examples of situations that involve procedural laws.
Age. Managers must be aware of all rules and regulations regarding legal and appropriate workplace behavior. If a plaintiff can prove that s/he is a victim of age discrimination as a result of the manager's actions, the manager and/or the employer may be subject to a lawsuit. Experience, training, and education are all valid and legal factors that managers consider when they are working with employees.
Aware of unlawful conduct but fail to act. Management can be held liable for business crimes committed by business employees if managers authorize the unlawful conduct, know about the unlawful conduct but fail to act, or fail to act in a reasonable fashion in their supervisory positions. If management is unaware of unlawful conduct, managers cannot be held liable. While management could be held liable for lack of awareness about unlawful activity, managers should be aware of what constitutes unlawful activity before hiring. If management is aware of what constitutes lawful activity, managers should be able to avoid unlawful acts by strong supervision of employees.
Arbitration clauses. Arbitration is a method to resolve conflicts that involves a neutral third party who is approved and appointed by the conflicting parties to make decisions about the disagreement. Many businesses include arbitration clauses in their contracts to stipulate that disputes can be heard and resolved through arbitration. Ethics are principles that govern a person's behavior. Bylaws are an organization's (e.g., corporation) internal rules. Including personal ethical standards and bylaws in a sales contract does not mean that a business will avoid litigating disputes. Statute of negotiable cause is a fictitious term.
A substantial controversy. A contract is an agreement between two parties (e.g., individuals, groups, businesses) stating that one party is to do something in return for something provided by the other party. Before a court will hear the case (lawsuit), the contract breech must meet several criteria. The breech must be real (not hypothetical), and it must be controversial enough to bring the issue before a court. To be substantially controversial, the issue must involve a certain amount of money, or some type of harm to the other party. Criminal activities are tried in a criminal court. A breech of contract may or may not involve harm to a third party and does not necessarily involve joint liability.
Attorney-client privilege.  In the legal system, attorneys must act in the best interest of their clients. Anything that a client says to his/her attorney in private cannot be disclosed to others. This is called the attorney-client privilege. Petition of discretion, implied privacy act, and practice of judicial classification are not terms commonly used to describe confidential exchanges between a lawyer and his/her client.
As is. Under tort law in many states, disclaimers (e.g., as is) that attempt to relieve a seller of product liability or warranty responsibility are not valid or recognized. Therefore, a seller of a product can be held liable for product malfunction when the product holds an "as is" disclaimer. A product that is "not returnable" does not necessarily mean that the seller does not accept product liability (e.g., warranty). Products that are marked "inspected by" or "checked by" show the customer that the items have met quality assurances and standards.
Restrict competition. An exclusive dealing arrangement between a supplier and an intermediary states that the intermediary will distribute only that supplier's products and will not handle a competitor's products. An exclusive territory gives one business the right to sell a product in a certain area, thereby preventing other businesses from selling that product. Both arrangements restrict competition because they put controls on who may sell products and what products they may sell. These types of distribution arrangements do not eliminate middlemen, regulate marketing, or limit advertising.
The supplier employs full-line forcing without allowing competing products. The practice of full-line forcing by a supplier is designed to ensure that intermediaries acquire new products and make available to customers a suitable range of products. Suppliers requiring channel members to purchase their entire line to obtain any of their products is a type of tying agreement and is legal as long as competitive brands are also allowed to be carried. Tying agreements are legal when the supplier alone can provide the products and when a company has just entered the market.
Slotting allowances. A slotting allowance is a cash premium that manufacturers pay to businesses to cover the costs involved in carrying a new product. In many cases, the cash premium is substantial because there is a lot of competition among manufacturers to encourage businesses to carry their products. Often, the manufacturer that offers the largest allowance is the one that gets shelf space for its new product. This may be unethical because small manufacturers that cannot afford to pay large slotting allowances do not have an equal opportunity to distribute their products. The gray market involves buying from unauthorized distributors. Channel strategies are distribution plans. Targeted advertising involves focusing on a specific group.
Possible objections. The purpose of a persuasive letter is to convey information that encourages the reader to take a specific course of action. For example, the purpose of a letter from a business's legal department might be to motivate a person to pay a past-due account. An objection is a reason for not taking a specific course of action. When developing persuasive messages, it is important for the writers to think about the readers' possible objections and acknowledge them. By acknowledging the objections and providing a rationale that removes the objections, the writers better position themselves in persuading the readers to take specific actions. Because each reader has different personal images and decision-making styles, it is not feasible for the writer to consider these factors if the letter is going to a lot of people. The readers' nonverbal cues are not the most important factor when writing persuasive messages. 
To analyze marketing trends. Complicated and important topics, such as marketing trends, are analyzed in complex written reports. The purpose of complex reports is to define a specific topic or problem area, present and interpret data, draw conclusions, and make recommendations. Supervisors prepare complex written reports in order to gather all the pertinent information that will help them in making important decisions. They generally use memorandums to request pricing information and to schedule training sessions. Compiling sales expenses is an accounting function.
Demonstrate tasks. Supervisors often train new employees on-the-job by giving instructions about their assignments and then demonstrating the tasks. By combining oral instructions with actual demonstrations, supervisors are able to effectively teach employees how to complete job tasks. Employees have a better understanding of their jobs once they have seen them demonstrated. Supervisors complete paperwork and introduce staff before giving job instructions to new employees. Supervisors do not organize questions but are prepared to answer any questions that new employees may have about job tasks.
Establishing good client relations. Law firms that develop positive client relations usually keep their clients. Clients who are treated well and are satisfied with the services that the law firm provides are likely to become loyal long-term clients. The alternatives are different factors that can contribute to success of various types of businesses, but they do not involve human relations.
Friendly. Treating clients in a friendly manner will make them feel more comfortable. They will feel that the law firm has a personal interest in them and be more accepting of any explanation of policies. Distant, remote, and superior are terms that refer to an unfriendly and cold atmosphere that would make clients feel uncomfortable.
Domineering/Superior. Domineering/Superior customers need to have their attention centered on the good/service, and if made to feel important, will tend to convince themselves to buy. Dishonest customers don't sell themselves; they help themselves to the merchandise without paying for it. The slow/methodical customer is shy, insecure, and reluctant even to accept help. Disagreeable customers are unpleasant, argumentative, and probably the most trying of anyone's patience.
Trees. As trees are cut, people can plant new trees so that more timber will be available. Nature replaces oil deposits and minerals over a period of years. Water is replaced by rain.
Utility. Utility is usefulness or the ability to satisfy consumer needs and wants. Scarcity is a condition resulting from the gap between unlimited wants for goods and services and limited resources. Allocation in economics is choosing needs that will be satisfied and the resources that will be used to satisfy those needs. Consumption is the process or activity of using goods and services.
Wholesalers and retailers. Trade industries are businesses that buy and sell goods to others. Wholesalers sell goods to retailers, who sell them to ultimate consumers. Manufacturers, or producers, are not part of the trade industries.
Protect public health. Government has passed many laws intended to protect public health by regulating the use of products that may be harmful. Asbestos has been found to be harmful to people's health. Public welfare programs provide assistance to disadvantaged individuals. Government attempts to stabilize the economy by controlling the amount of money in circulation, adjusting interest rates, and through various other financial measures.
Businesses. An atmosphere of cooperation between labor and management is the basis for a good quality of work life. Productivity is increased when workers have positive feelings about the quality of their work life. Businesses are responsible for providing a quality of work life that fosters productivity. Employees determine how productive they will be, but they are not responsible for providing a good quality of work life. It is not the main responsibility of customers or unions to provide a good quality of work life.
Fixed costs. Economies of scale are characteristics that allow a business to increase output without experiencing a comparable increase in the cost of production. The fixed costs of production remain constant so the overall cost of producing more and more products actually decreases. For example, once an electric plant is built, the cost of producing electricity decreases because the cost of building the facility is spread over more and more units of electricity. In a business that has economies of scale, net profits may increase, which will lead to an increase in income tax. Pay rates usually do not decrease as a result of economies of scale.
Economic instability. Interest rate is the percentage figure used in calculating interest charges. The interest is the price of borrowing money. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular basis often is an indication of economic instability. The interest rate has an effect on the amount of money available to loan and the amount that businesses and individuals are willing to borrow. For example, when rates are high, borrowing decreases because the price of borrowing is high. This tends to slow down the economy. In a stable economy, interest rates remain fairly constant and fluctuate by only a few percentage points. Interest rates rising and falling by a wide range on a regular basis is not an indication of seasonal unemployment, flexible capital, or price equilibrium.
Balance of payments. Balance of payments is the difference between all monies coming into a country and going out of a country. Nations need to have more money coming in than going out. The volume of production is recorded to calculate productivity levels. The number of multinationals would show how many businesses have facilities located abroad. A trade mission is a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by the government to inform exporters about foreign markets.
Credibility. Credibility is believability. To be able to persuade others, individuals need to be credible so others believe what they say. Individuals who are credible have a reputation of providing accurate information in a fair manner. They are well-informed and use reliable sources to support their opinions and ideas. As a result, others believe them and often are persuaded to do what they want. Individuals do not necessarily need to be flexible, creative, or responsible to be be able to persuade others.
Helps to ease any tension that arises. A sense of humor can ease the kinds of difficult situations and conflicts that often accompany the team effort. It also helps you to avoid taking yourself too seriously or being overly impressed with your own importance. Keeping your emotions under control requires self-discipline. A sense of humor does not help to improve your decision-making skills or increase your self-confidence.
Training. Team members need the training to be able to perform the tasks they are assigned. In some cases, the training will be the result of doing their regular job. However, team members may need cross-training so they have the ability to perform a variety of tasks. It is important for team members to be well trained, or else they might not be able to help the team by completing their assignments. Teams usually work together, which means supervision is limited or does not exist at all because all members are equal. Team members do not need recognition or payment to be effective. Team members receive their usual compensation when they work on a team.
Communication. When leading a change, communication is critical. Most change failures occur because there is a lack of communication. Although commitment and trust are also important parts of the change process, communication is the key. And even though resistance can be a good thing, it is not necessary to the change process.
Low productivity. Low productivity is not a benefit of effective human relations at work; rather, it is a disadvantage that can occur if human relations are poor. High employee morale, good business image, and increased cooperation are all benefits of effective human relations at work.
Sales. Financing is a marketing function which involves understanding the financial concepts used in making business decisions, such as determining the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in marketing activities. Financing gives a business additional funds that it can spend on a variety of marketing activities including advertising. The advantage of having money to spend on advertising is that advertising often results in increased sales. The increased sales generate additional profit which can be used to repay the money borrowed through financing. Assets are anything of value that the business owns. Quotas are specific goals to be met. Risks are chances of loss.
Assets, liabilities, net worth. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the business at that particular moment. The statement first lists assets, anything of value that a business owns; then liabilities, or debts that the business owes; and finally net worth, or the total value of the business. Revenues, or income; expenses, or expenditures; and profit are components of an income statement, or profit-and-loss statement. Margin is a term that describes the difference between net sales and cost of goods sold.
Repay a loan. Creditors are responsible for deciding whether a business should be given a loan. The income statement helps creditors assess the business's creditworthiness and the risk of extending credit to the business. It provides the evidence needed to prove that the business can pay back the loan. Expanding operations, developing new products, and increasing staff are some of the reasons why a business might apply for a loan and need to provide creditors with its income statement.
To avoid financial crisis. It is important for a business to budget a certain amount of money to savings to avoid financial crisis. With a budget that includes a plan for savings, there is a better chance of being able to pay expenses even when planned sales goals are not met. The money budgeted to savings can be used to pay expenses and help avoid a financial crisis. Businesses do not budget money to savings in order to pay stockholders, to prevent government control, or to satisfy customers.
To avoid future problems. Projections in the operating budget help businesses anticipate future situations and make plans to avoid problems. In this case, the business's plan included borrowing funds to pay its bills during a time when income was projected to be low. A projection of slow sales would also tell a company that it should not hire more employees or purchase additional inventory. Using the operating budget information to obtain a loan does not affect vacation schedules.
6.1%. Businesses often calculate the return on sales ratio to determine profitability for a certain period of time. The formula for determining return on sales is net profit divided by sales ($520,500 ÷ $85,000 = 6.12 or 6.1%). Depending on the type of business, a 6% return on sales may be an acceptable profit. If not, the business may decide that it is spending too much on the sales effort and needs to reduce costs or increase prices in order to increase profits.
33%. The formula for determining gross margin as a percentage of sales is gross margin divided by net sales = percent of gross margin. In this case, divide gross margin by net sales ($3,000 ÷ $9,000 = .33 or 33%).
Sales receipt. A petty cash fund is a small amount of money that a law firm keeps on hand for business purchases. So the law firm can keep track of the petty cash and purchases made with the petty cash, Jack should give the sales receipts to the law firm's cashier after he buys the office supplies. The cashier would most likely attach the receipts to the petty cash request voucher, which is the documentation for the petty cash request. The law firm would not require Jack to provide an authorization code, credit card bill, or withdrawal ticket. 
Government. Governments often require businesses to charge sales tax for products the businesses sell. The businesses are responsible for the accurate collection, recording, and payment of sales tax on all taxable items sold at specific intervals. For example, most retailers send in tax payments every three months. Suppliers, manufacturers, and vendors may pay sales tax; however, they do not receive it.
Severance package. When businesses (e.g., law firms) dismiss employees, they often provide some type of severance package, such as regular pay and benefits for a certain amount of time. Businesses should fully explain what the severance package includes, so employees will have a clear understanding. Some businesses provide additional support services in a severance package, such as counseling and assistance with finding a new position. A layoff involves letting employees go for a short amount of time because of a shortage of work. These employees are not being terminated because they will be called back to work. Employees who are being dismissed are not retiring.
To make them feel productive. Avoid giving new employees menial tasks because it will discourage their interest in the job. During follow-up sessions, you can identify problem areas and summarize the day's activities.
Coaching. In this on-the-job instructional method, a manager/supervisor is assigned a "coach" to set goals, give assistance in reaching the goals, and provide ongoing performance feedback. Assessment centers are off-the-job simulations used by large corporations to assess managers on a wide variety of skills. Sensitivity training helps trainees become more aware of their feelings and the way in which they are perceived by others. Behavior modeling is an instructional method that gives trainees a specific model of behavior which they should implement on the job.
Reward. Many law firms reward employees who develop new or creative ways of doing their jobs, or ways of saving the law firm money. The reward is a way of recognizing an employee's effort and motivating him/her to continue to be productive and creative. An example of a reward is a free cruise. If employees know they will be rewarded for contributing to the success of the law firm, they often are motivated to do more than is routinely expected of them. A bonus usually is a cash reward such as offering $100 for each new idea that the law firm actually implements. A prize usually is a reward for winning a contest, such as giving a free cruise to a lawyer who won the most cases in June. A vacation is time off from work that an employee is entitled to take.
It allows businesses to be sued by employees for discrimination. The Civil Rights Act of 1991 expanded previous civil rights legislation by allowing employees who feel they have been the victims of discrimination to sue their employers. The law limits the amount of damages that can be awarded based on the number of employees in the company being sued. The Civil Rights Acts of 1991 does not set up lotteries to help businesses find qualified employees, or provide businesses with a large immigrant labor pool. The Family and Medical Leave Act requires certain businesses to offer unpaid medical leave to employees.
Attracting and keeping qualified employees. A law firm's pay and benefit program is one factor that attracts employees to the firm. Therefore, law firms often use the program as a recruiting tool and also as a method of keeping qualified employees. For example, some law firms offer high pay scales and many benefits that appeal to potential employees. Also, these firms know that keeping qualified employees is less costly than dealing with a high turnover rate and continually training new employees. Therefore, the high pay and benefits help to keep employees satisfied. Law firms do not use the pay and benefit program as a method of recognizing employees for their achievements, compensating employees based on seniority, or promoting the most productive employees.
Lower credibility. If a business presents marketing data in a deceptive way, the business is acting unethically. Reporting incorrect statistics and intentionally ignoring certain variables to reflect a specific outcome is deceptive. If the dishonest behavior is uncovered, the business is most likely to lose credibility. If a business is deceptive about its marketing research and it experiences a lower level of credibility, the business might find that its customer loyalty levels decrease because the customers view the business as dishonest. Depending on the size and reputation of the business that reports deceptive marketing information, the business's visibility in the media may increase for a short time.
Pricing. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. In order to maximize sales, the price must be set so that both the buyer and seller feel that they are getting the most value. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Distribution is the process of moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods and services. Planning is a management function that involves making decisions as to what items will be produced and sold.
Promotion. Promotion is a marketing function that communicates information about goods, services, images, and/or ideas to achieve a desired outcome. Financing is a business function rather than a marketing function. Pricing involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Distribution involves moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services.
Insurance purposes. Businesses are required to keep accident records for insurance purposes. Providers of workers' compensation insurance want to know what types of accidents are occurring at the workplace, what types of injuries result, and what types of medical treatment are sought. This information helps to determine how much a business's workers' compensation insurance will cost. The Good Samaritan Law protects individuals from liability when they administer accepted first aid to injured persons. Personal liability means that an individual is responsible for any damage that might occur. The Social Security Act provides for retirement and disability insurance.
Specialized training on the computer equipment. Specialized training could include making sure employees understand how to operate the hardware and software, how to protect their passwords from use by others, how often to copy computer files, and the proper way to report suspected computer fraud. It is unrealistic to avoid using the computer for sensitive data since most businesses have a certain amount of information they consider confidential. Access to valuable data provides an opportunity for computer fraud. Operators do not need to understand the central processing unit of the computer in order to prevent fraud.
Project manager. The person responsible for planning a project is usually the same person who is responsible for carrying it out: the project manager. Under the project manager, project assistants, coordinators, and schedulers may work on parts of the planning or information related to the planning. But they are not responsible for planning the entire project.
$315,700. A fixed cost is the sum of all the costs incurred by a business that usually remain at the same level no matter how many units of a product are produced or marketed. Fixed costs include rent, salaries, insurance, and the cost of an advertising campaign. Commissions are a type of variable cost because they increase or decrease in proportion to sales volume. In this example, add the cost of rent, salaries, insurance, and advertising to determine fixed costs ($55,000 + $250,250 + $6,750 + $3,700 = $315,700).
Fee includes cost of house calls. Businesses often negotiate service contracts that include house calls because it is impossible to disassemble and move large pieces of equipment. The house-call option might cost a business as much as 30% to 50% more than a contract without this feature. Despite the expense, the house-call option is important to businesses that have large pieces of equipment that cannot be moved. The replacement price is not a factor in the cost of a service contract. Long-term contracts usually are less expensive than short-term contracts. Many businesses pay for service on a monthly basis.
To control expenses. Payroll is usually a business's greatest expense. One way of controlling payroll expenses is to hire part-time employees who work only when needed rather than salaried, full-time employees. Part-time employees receive an hourly wage, but the company saves money because it doesn't have to pay them for vacation or sick time or provide additional costly benefits that full-time employees receive. The advantage to the business is the same number of employees working during a given time period but for less wages. Businesses do not hire part-time employees rather than full-time employees to obtain qualified workers, eliminate interviews, or identify resources.
Protect their investment. A law firm usually has a considerable amount of money tied up in whatever kind of equipment is needed to operate the business. The law firm can protect this investment by maintaining the equipment so that it will last as long as possible. Misuse of equipment can be prevented by instructing employees in proper handling of the equipment. Construction codes are laws that apply to building a structure. Not all businesses need to pass health inspections.
To be promoted to partner in a law firm. A career goal is an objective to work toward on the job. Being able to afford a large house is a financial goal, being first in your class is an education goal, and achieving ideal weight is a physical goal.
Certification. Some professions, such as law and public accounting, require certification to work in the field. In many locations, workers are required take certain classes or workshops during a specific time period (e.g., annually) to keep the certification that allows them to work in the profession. Working conditions are the physical surroundings of the workplace. Benefits are the advantages or payments employees receive in addition to their wages (e.g., sick time, vacation, health insurance). Although professional development activities can reinforce or renew a person's interest in his/her career, that is the not primary reason for participating in career development activities.
Briefly describe her previous job responsibilities. A résumé should briefly present all relevant information that would help an employer select an applicant to interview. In the work-experience portion of the résumé, the applicant should identify all jobs in reverse chronological order, starting with the current or most recent job. The applicant should provide the name and address of the employer, the time period of employment, and the nature of the job responsibilities. Work interests and career goals, technical training, and the applicant's address and telephone information are found in other sections of the résumé.
A local ice-cream shop prices menu items below cost in an effort to eliminate its competition. Predatory pricing is an aggressive pricing strategy that sells goods below cost in an effort to put the competition out of business, leaving fewer choices for consumers. Many governments have regulations to control the practice of predatory pricing. A salesperson who encourages a customer to purchase an extended vehicle warranty for a new car is engaging in suggestive selling. A tire producer that introduces a new item to its product line and sets the initial price very low is using a penetration pricing strategy. An international book publisher that sells similar products to similar customers at different prices is engaging in price discrimination.
Fixing. Price fixing is an illegal business agreement in which businesses agree on prices of their goods and services, resulting in little choice for the consumer. Price discrimination is an illegal activity in which a business charges different customers different prices for similar amounts and types of products. Coercion is forcing a person to do something s/he does not want to do. Altering is changing prices, which is not always an illegal action.
Environment. When a business makes its products from recyclable goods, or items that can be used again (e.g., paper), it is exhibiting responsible and ethical behavior. The business is taking steps to save and protect the earth's natural resources by creating something out of used or discarded items. Although governments have laws to protect the environment, recycling is not always legislated. If a government does have recycling regulations for businesses, the businesses are following the law rather than protecting the law. Making products from recyclable goods does not directly protect the distribution channel or the market segment.
Full and limited. Full warranties cover the entire product, while limited warranties cover certain repairs or specific parts. Warranties classified on the basis of whether their promises are stated or simply understood are express and implied warranties.
Consumer protection. Consumer protection involves all efforts to safeguard consumers from any kind of injury to themselves, their property, or their rights as a result of the negligence, failure to act, or unlawful act of others. In this case, the Henderson Soap Company and the government had to make sure that the product was safe to use without any further skin damage to customers. Consumer product testing involves obtaining feedback from customers about a product's taste, smell, usage, etc., so that the manufacturer can modify the product to better satisfy consumers. Publicity is any nonpersonal presentation of ideas, goods, or services that is not paid for by the company or individual which benefits from or is harmed by it. Product liability is the producer's responsibility for any injury that the business's products may cause.
Fraud. Fraud is a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. The nature of promotional activities, such as sweepstakes and contests, indicates that the activities can and have been carried out in ways that deceive or unfairly treat participants. Therefore, governments often develop and enforce laws that protect consumers from deceptive or unfair practices which relate specifically to sweepstakes and contests. Tax evasion occurs when a business avoids paying monies that it owes the government. Slander is a verbal statement that one party makes with the intent to harm another party's character. Price fixing is an illegal agreement in which businesses agree on the prices of their goods and services.
Code of ethics. Code of ethics is a universal term used to describe an established set of guidelines that people are expected to follow in regard to behaviors and actions while representing a group or organization. In the business world, companies vary in terms of the specific principles that govern a code of ethics. Bylaws are rules that establish guidelines to regulate how an organization is operated or governed. Corporate bylaws are the rules established for a corporation. Charter of selling behavior and principles of moral conduct are terms that can be used to describe ethical regulation, but are generally not considered universal terms.
Prevent bribery. A bribe is an illegal payment intended to secure business or products in return. Although bribery is illegal, it still exists and is a major aspect of "white collar crime." Because there is often a thin line between bribery and giving gifts, many businesses establish their own guidelines and rules concerning gift giving. These guidelines are intended to reinforce laws against bribery so salespeople do not accidentally overstep their bounds and do something that may be illegal. When salespeople offer cash or other gifts to customers in exchange for their business, they are not violating sales regulations intended to control false promises, encourage reciprocity, or monitor price discrimination.  
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
Marketing plan. A business plan is a set of procedures or strategies that outlines how a person plans to take an idea and turn it into an organized effort to produce and/or distribute goods and services. The business plan consists of three basic components—a business description and situational analysis, a marketing plan, and a financial plan. Pricing policies are discussed in the marketing plan. Segment analysis is part of the business description and situational analysis.
