1.	In order for a contract between two parties to be legally binding, one party must make an offer and the other party must accept the offer. This offer and acceptance meet the __________ provision.
A.	consideration 	
B.	competent parties 	
C.	legality
D.	agreement
2.	When an agent legally acts in the best interests of his/her client, the agent is establishing a(n) _______ relationship.
A.	authoritative 	 
B.	fiduciary 	
C.	principal
D.	legislative 
3.	Which of the following usually is a benefit of listening to others and trying to understand what they are saying in order to respond appropriately:
A.	Access to management 	 
B.	Guaranteed promotions 	
C.	Respect of coworkers
D.	Fewer assignments 
4.	An effective technique for personalizing a telephone sales presentation is to
A.	greet the customer by name. 	
B.	ask the customer questions.	
C.	use a merchandise approach.
D.	call the prospect at home.
5.	One of the advantages of rehearsing an oral presentation is that it gives the businessperson the opportunity to 
A.	organize new information. 	 
B.	prepare attractive visuals. 	
C.	time the presentation.
D.	anticipate questions. 
6.	When writing persuasive messages to convince customers to do something, it is often helpful to explain the
A.	benefits of taking action. 	 
B.	business's point of view. 	
C.	technical aspects in detail.
D.	predictions for the future. 
7.	Supplemental materials that help to explain the information contained in a simple report can be included in the form of
A.	resources. 	 
B.	references. 	
C.	attachments.
D.	bibliographies.
8.	When analytical reports contain information that readers might disagree with, writers should back their conclusions with
A.	enthusiastic statements. 	 
B.	technical statistics. 	
C.	personal opinions.
D.	logical arguments. 
9.	Which of the following statements would be placed in the introductory section of a research report:
A.	Based on the previously stated findings, it is recommended that the XYZ Company revise its operating budget. 
B.	The purpose of this study is to determine why sales have been decreasing for three consecutive quarters. 
C.	The survey consisted of 250,600 respondents from the northern region of the country. 
D.	The statistics indicate that the business is losing up to 15% of its market share to new competitors. 
10.	What channel of staff communication are managers usually unable to control?
A.	Grapevine 	
B.	Downward 	
C.	Formal
D.	Objective
11.	Employees usually are able to provide good customer service by considering the customers'
A.	wages. 	
B.	habits. 	
C.	needs.
D.	appearance.
12.	A customer has politely expressed dissatisfaction with the business's policy, but s/he is actually upset about an employee's attitude. This is an example of a
A.	difficult customer. 	 
B.	customer objection. 	
C.	false accusation.
D.	hidden complaint.
13.	Offering higher wages, employee-assistance programs, and benefits are responses to limited
A.	capital goods. 	
B.	natural resources. 	
C.	human resources.
D.	economic resources.
14.	What happens when the amount of a good that is supplied is greater than the amount demanded?
A.	Prices increase rapidly. 	
B.	Prices increase slowly. 	
C.	Prices remain the same.
D.	Prices go down. 
15.	The amount of satisfaction a product will provide a customer is referred to as the product's
A.	price. 	
B.	incentive. 	
C.	value.
D.	market.
16.	Individuals put limits on their own economic freedom by
A.	complying with the law. 	
B.	competing with others. 
C.	making personal economic choices.
D.	deciding to learn new job skills.
17.	Risks that may result in a loss, no change, or a gain are
A.	insurable. 	
B.	uninsurable. 	
C.	avoidable.
D.	unimportant.
18.	One of the benefits of economic growth is that government
A.	will not need to find trading partners. 	
B.	can ensure workers of finding jobs.	
C.	can carry out its activities more easily.
D.	will have fewer problems to solve.
19.	Which of the following is an important language consideration when conducting business with Canadians:
A.	Titles are more important to English Canadians than they are to French Canadians. 
B.	Most French Canadians are not familiar with the English language. 
C.	French Canadians should be provided printed materials in both French and English. 
D.	French is the dominant language in most Canadian metropolitan areas. 
20.	David Lyle, an American businessperson, is in Munich, Germany to negotiate a deal with Braun's Bratwurst Company. When David opened his presentation with a joke, Braun's executives glared at him, and the room was silent. If David had done some research, he would have learned that
A.	social interaction is necessary for successful negotiations. 
B.	Germans tend to have a casual attitude about business situations. 
C.	German businesspeople adapt to change easily. 
D.	it is inappropriate to use humor with Germans in business situations. 
21.	Katherine is going on a business trip to Argentina. Cecilia, Katherine's coworker, is from Argentina. Cecilia tells Katherine to make sure that she keeps her hands on the table because it is considered rude to put your hands in your lap while in a restaurant. Cecilia's tip is related to
A.	verbal communication. 	 
B.	dress and appearance. 	
C.	spatial differences.
D.	dining etiquette. 
22.	When doing business in Taiwan, foreigners should avoid winking because this is considered a(n)
A.	sincere greeting. 	 
B.	negotiation tactic. 	
C.	verbal insult.
D.	inappropriate gesture. 
23.	Which of the following is an example of a Saudi Arabian custom that relates to gender:
A.	Women are not permitted to drive a car. 	 
B.	Friday is the day of rest. 	
C.	The “thumbs up” symbol is offensive.
D.	It is illegal to eat pork. 
24.	Foreign businesspeople should understand that Saudi Arabians might leave a business meeting for several minutes to attend daily prayers. This is an example of a custom related to
A.	punctuality. 	 
B.	speech. 	
C.	age.
D.	religion. 
25.	Paige is a Canadian businessperson who is attending a meeting in India. What should Paige wear to the meeting to make a positive, professional impression?
A.	Leather belt 	 
B.	Ornate jewelry 	
C.	Conservative pantsuit
D.	Sleeveless dress 
26.	Emotional intelligence is especially important today because
A.	collaboration is becoming a standard method of achieving business goals. 
B.	our culture is more relaxed and free. 
C.	people need to interact in more secure business environments. 
D.	everyone can be a world traveler and see other cultures. 
27.	Most people have consistent patterns of behavior that are based on their personal characteristics known as personal
A.	affirmations. 	
B.	skills. 	
C.	abilities.
D.	traits. 
28.	In order for responsible employees to meet deadlines or timelines on the job, they must learn to avoid
A.	cooperation. 	
B.	initiative. 	
C.	procrastination.
D.	dedication. 
29.	Susan is a purchasing manager for a manufacturer. On Monday, Susan received a call from the plant manager, who frantically told Susan that the production line ran out of 3/8” washers, which has forced production to stop. Because Jason is the senior buyer in charge of ordering the washers, Susan set up a meeting with Jason to discuss the problem. During the meeting, Susan asked Jason to explain why the washers were out of stock. Jason replied, “Well, I told the office assistant to check the inventory. It's not my fault that we don't have the washers in stock.” What is Jason doing?
A.	Blaming another person for his mistake 
B.	Helping Susan to resolve the problem 
C.	Providing Susan with a valid reason for the stock-out 
D.	Denying that a problem exists 
30.	To manage your work commitments in a timely manner, you should first
A.	try to complete the least important tasks first. 
B.	determine the time it takes to complete various tasks. 
C.	allocate a minimal length of time to complete critical tasks. 
D.	complete tasks in the order of their difficulty. 
31.	A person who has willpower would also be described as having
A.	self-respect. 	 
B.	self-understanding. 	
C.	self-control.
D.	self-affirmation.
32.	Employee recognition and approval is a form of __________ feedback.
A.	internal 	 
B.	positive	
C.	critical
D.	negative
33.	Jim likes to tease Susie because she gets upset, but she doesn't say anything to him about it. What kind of behavior is Susie exhibiting?
A.	Passive 
B.	Aggressive 	
C.	Independent
D.	Verbal
34.	Abby feels that the company's vacation policies are fair, while Joe thinks that they are too strict. Abby and Joe's disagreement is an example of a(n) ___________ conflict.
A.	functional 	 
B.	essential 	
C.	emotional
D.	critical 
35.	Which of the following is a cost of credit:
A.	Discounts 	
B.	Finance charges	
C.	Fidelity bonds
D.	Rebates 
36.	Which of the following is an example of an individual setting a financial goal:
A.	Saving enough money to retire in 10 years 
B.	Making a will to distribute personal assets 	
C.	Reviewing various health insurance options 
D.	Obtaining a credit card for emergencies 
37.	Business risks caused by negative personal characteristics are examples of __________ risks.
A.	human 
B.	environmental 	
C.	economic
D.	marketing 
38.	In order for an accounting system to be useful to the business, the accounting information it contains must be
A.	approved by the chief executive officer. 	 
B.	accurate and up-to-date.	
C.	posted by an accountant.
D.	recorded using the accrual method.
39.	Which of the following phrases effectively describes a business's income statement:
A.	Financial picture 	 
B.	Budget estimate 	
C.	Cash-flow report
D.	Income preview 
40.	The cash conversion cycle should be
A.	on an upward trend. 	 
B.	at equilibrium. 	
C.	as long as possible.
D.	as short as possible. 
41.	Businesses regularly evaluate and compare the figures in their original budgets to the actual figures in order to
A.	establish quotas. 	 
B.	change investments. 	
C.	make adjustments.
D.	follow procedures.
42.	Which of the following business functions is responsible for developing a firm's employee-orientation program:
A.	Funding acquisition 	 
B.	Human resources 	
C.	Information management
D.	Security operations 
43.	Information consists of facts and data for a specific situation or condition, and knowledge consists of __________ and ___________ that accumulate over time.
A.	definitions, competence 	 
B.	data, expertise 	
C.	symbolism, transitions
D.	fabrications, creativity 
44.	Pamela has devised a process that helps her complete her work in a more efficient manner. This is an example of
A.	statistical information. 	 
B.	raw data. 	
C.	tacit knowledge.
D.	quantitative fact. 
45.	To have effective knowledge-management processes, businesses need their employees to have a(n) __________ attitude.
A.	argumentative 	 
B.	ethical 	
C.	transparent
D.	curious 
46.	What do companies often use to assign and track various business tasks?
A.	Customer database 	 
B.	Accountability matrix 	
C.	Surveillance system
D.	Magnetic cards 
47.	Which of the following is an example of a business taking action to legally protect its intellectual property:
A.	An organic farm obtains a patent for a new hybrid tomato plant. 
B.	A small sporting-goods business uses a logo that is very similar to a well-known athletic sportswear manufacturer. 
C.	A web-based company provides individuals the ability to download music without the consent of the song writers or owners. 
D.	A snack-food manufacturer hires a graphic artist to develop a trade character. 
48.	The use of sorting techniques to capture knowledge involves
A.	setting long-term objectives. 
B.	obtaining and storing confidential information. 
C.	documenting relevant facts. 
D.	comparing and ordering concepts. 
49.	What process involves all of the planning, pricing, promoting, and distributing activities that must take place in order to get goods and services to the consumer?
A.	Importing 	 
B.	Cognitive 	
C.	Exchange
D.	Marketing
50.	Paulette works for a retail chain. She has been asked to determine if the retail chain should build another store in a remote but growing area of town. After obtaining the necessary information, what format should Paulette use to present her findings?
A.	Business plan 	 
B.	Formal report 	
C.	Instruction manual
D.	Research diary 
51.	How does appropriate information management affect a business's relationship with its customers?
A.	Businesses serve customers more effectively. 
B.	Businesses earn higher profits.  
C.	Businesses lose focus on customers. 
D.	Businesses make better financial decisions. 
52.	Which of the following is an example of a business managing its information in an ethical manner:
A.	GVZ and Associates deliberately prepares its annual report to confuse readers. 
B.	The TKN Corporation sells its customer mailing list to third parties without consent. 
C.	OWC Manufacturing distributes an employee's performance review to his/her coworkers. 
D.	The XPB Company takes precautions to maintain the privacy of its clients' information. 
53.	Which component of project-management software helps project managers to determine the length of time that a series of interdependent tasks will take to complete under various circumstances:
A.	Procurement 	
B.	Critical path 	
C.	Presentation
D.	Channel management 
54.	Which of the following is a typical reason businesses keep financial records:
A.	To support personnel decisions 	 
B.	To determine an asset's value 	
C.	To make budget comparisons
D.	To time promotions effectively 
55.	Which of the following is a business trend that might affect a local company:
A.	Global competition 	
B.	Domestic transportation 	
C.	Social behavior
D.	Physical environment 
56.	A primary reason for a business to interpret statistical findings is to
A.	aid decision making. 	 
B.	promote creativity. 	
C.	increase production.
D.	influence buyers. 
57.	To maintain a hazard-free work environment, local regulations might require businesses to undergo
A.	tax assessments. 	 
B.	accounting audits. 	
C.	safety inspections.
D.	ethics training.  
58.	Which of the following is a major effect of employee accidents on a business:
A.	Financial loss 	
B.	Loss of career 	
C.	Reduction of benefits
D.	Lower insurance rates
59.	The purpose of depositing large bills in drop boxes upon receipt is to prevent
A.	fraud. 	
B.	robbery. 	
C.	burglary.
D.	pilferage.
60.	Which of the following activities should be an employee's top priority:
A.	Photocopying a three-page document for a meeting with a customer that is scheduled to occur five hours from now 
B.	Preparing a purchase order that needs to be faxed to the vendor in two days  
C.	Making reservations at a local restaurant for a business luncheon that is going to be held in two weeks 
D.	Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour 
61.	Which of the following situations is an example of employees coordinating their work efforts:
A.	Bob unpacks a shipment and places the items on shelves in the warehouse. 
B.	Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him. 
C.	Sarah calls a vendor to verify the delivery date of an order, while Shelley sells products. 
D.	Ed reviews his monthly financial report to verify his calculations. 
62.	When you look at whether or not your project is “do-able,” what should you examine?
A.	What the project is exactly 
B.	How much money the stakeholders want to invest 
C.	How long you have to complete the project 
D.	What could happen with a similar project 
63.	Which of the following is a situation that involves a project manager involved in a control activity:
A.	Samantha reviews the qualifications of several employees to determine whom she wants on the project team. 
B.	Ben meets with the project's stakeholders to determine what they want the project to accomplish. 
C.	Adriana is coordinating and documenting the tasks that need to be completed for a construction project. 
D.	Tim reviews an inventory-status report to determine if there are enough supplies on hand for the next project phase. 
64.	What should project managers do when an unexpected situation occurs during the execution of a complex project?
A.	Reassign work 	 
B.	Work overtime 	
C.	Be flexible
D.	Get support 
65.	An important step in the process of purchasing equipment and supplies for the business is
A.	visiting trade shows. 	 
B.	reviewing revenues. 	
C.	monitoring competitors.
D.	selecting vendors. 
66.	When companies work with their vendors to develop mutually beneficial business arrangements, they are more likely to 
A.	maintain long-term relationships. 	 
B.	double their profit margins. 	
C.	experience vertical conflict.
D.	experience horizontal conflict. 
67.	Cassandra is a buyer for a department-store chain. On Tuesday, she placed a seasonal order with an apparel vendor without providing specific models, sizes, colors, or ship dates. What type of order did Cassandra place?
A.	Standing 	 
B.	Special 	
C.	Blanket
D.	Rush 
68.	A business orders 10% more widgets than it needs because the supply of and the demand for widgets have been difficult to forecast in recent months. This is an example of a business ordering __________ inventory.
A.	buffer 	 
B.	maintenance 	
C.	perpetual
D.	customary 
69.	Because the ILM Manufacturing Company orders large amounts of bolts and washers, the company's buyer asks its parts vendor for an additional five percent off the invoice total. This is an example of a business negotiating
A.	delivery terms
B.	a quantity discount
C.	service terms
D.	a cash rebate
70.	Why is production important to businesses?
A.	It enables businesses to charge high prices.
B.	It prevents businesses from wasting resources.
C.	It creates goods and services businesses can sell.
D.	It informs businesses about consumers' needs and wants.
71.	Why should maintenance schedules for company equipment be established and followed?
A.	To control the quality of products 	
B.	To make maintenance a daily chore	
C.	To minimize equipment failure
D.	To increase equipment deterioration
72.	When employees review and analyze financial reports and income data from different time frames, they are
A.	informing customers. 	 
B.	comparing data. 	
C.	submitting evidence.
D.	influencing others' opinions. 
73.	Which of the following is a characteristic of orderly and systematic behavior:
A.	Giving very little thought to the things you do
B.	Having a rigid personality
C.	Doing things in an organized and methodical manner
D.	Having an excellent memory
74.	Which of the following is not part of a person's weekly master plan in time management:
A.	Scheduling when an activity will be completed during the day 
B.	Identifying the importance of each activity
C.	Determining the time needed to complete each activity
D.	Determining what activities have to be done 
75.	Which of the following is a source of career information that is available in most schools:
A.	Industry recruiter 	
B.	Admissions director 	
C.	Guidance counselor
D.	Curriculum planner
76.	How should a job seeker respond to a business's help-wanted advertisement that asks applicants to send a resume?
A.	By sending a resume and a cover letter 
B.	By sending the resume as requested 	
C.	By calling on the business in person
D.	By telephoning the business 
77.	The primary focus of most professional organizations/associations is generally to
A.	expand members' professional knowledge. 	
B.	increase profit for their members.	
C.	promote the field of marketing.
D.	recruit new association members.
78.	Employees who are unsure about workplace protocol and procedures should
A.	ask their managers to clarify the policies. 	 
B.	follow their instincts. 	
C.	conduct a formal investigation.
D.	obtain suggestions from coworkers. 
79.	Which of the following is the most serious consequence to an employee who fails to follow the business's rules of conduct:
A.	Verbal warning 	 
B.	Dismissal 	
C.	Suspension
D.	Written documentation 
80.	Which of the following is the proper sequence for the chain of command:
A.	Accounting Department Manager, Accounts Payable Specialist, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 
B.	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist 
C.	Accounts Payable Specialist, Accounting Department Manager, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 
D.	Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Accounting Department Manager, and Accounts Payable Specialist 
81.	What do organizational goals provide to a business?
A.	Profitability needs 	 
B.	Performance standards 	
C.	Competent workers
D.	Collaborative efforts 
82.	What is the primary action needed to ensure that employees understand their roles in meeting the business's overall goals?
A.	Ongoing communication 	 
B.	Brainstorming activities 	
C.	Motivational speeches
D.	Peer evaluation 
83.	In which component of the project's statement of work (SOW) would the following message most likely appear: “Due to the limited amount of time allocated to complete the study, the survey sample size may need to be reduced.”
A.	Benefits 	 
B.	Purpose 	
C.	Constraints
D.	Deliverables 
84.	Why do project managers develop a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects?
A.	To provide team members with feedback for improvement 
B.	To provide stakeholders with project objectives 
C.	To identify and better manage all project activities 
D.	To communicate costs associated with the project 
85.	A project manager who wants a central location that contains relevant information about each component of the work breakdown structure (WBS) should develop a
A.	pie chart. 	 
B.	WBS thesaurus. 	
C.	training chart.
D.	WBS dictionary. 
86.	Corrine is the project manager for a research project. Yesterday, Corrine told Anthony, one of the project team members, that he is responsible for developing the sample plan for a survey. What was Corrine doing?
A.	Monitoring processes 	 
B.	Delegating work 	
C.	Providing guidance
D.	Evaluating performance 
87.	Releasing equipment, materials, and team members are tasks that are completed during the ___________ phase of a project.
A.	closing 	 
B.	scheduling 	
C.	planning
D.	initiating 
88.	When evaluating the quality of its product, one factor that a business considers is the feedback that it receives from the product's users, which indicates
A.	customer-satisfaction levels. 	 
B.	the product's durability. 	
C.	the efficiency of the production process.
D.	employee-performance ratings. 
89.	Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) software has the ability to conduct an audit that compares the business's existing production and acquisition processes with the CMMI model. The audit provides information that will allow the business to
A.	incorporate the best overall quality-improvement processes. 
B.	develop long-term financial and operating plans. 
C.	determine the best way to comply with government regulations. 
D.	manage its human and natural resources effectively. 
90.	A potential benefit to businesses that implement continuous quality improvement processes is
A.	increased sales. 	 
B.	increased costs. 	
C.	decreased outputs.
D.	decreased profits. 
91.	Michelle has acquired proof that her coworker Ted has been embezzling money from the company. If Michelle fails to inform her employer about Ted's activities, what will likely occur?
A.	The company's property insurance premium will increase. 
B.	The company's financial risk will increase. 
C.	The company's property insurance premium will increase. 
D.	Ted will be charged with a felony. 
92.	To reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential data, businesses use security software to protect their
A.	corporate policies. 	 
B.	intranet systems. 	
C.	intercom systems.
D.	spam e-mail. 
93.	To reduce the risks associated with noncompliance, a business should continuously monitor
A.	competitors' activities. 	 
B.	government regulations. 	
C.	judicial opinions.
D.	social etiquette. 
94.	Scheduling and assigning work, checking the quality of work, making sure projects meet deadlines, and handling employees' job problems are primary responsibilities of
A.	employees. 	
B.	mid-level managers. 	
C.	consultants.
D.	supervisory managers.
95.	The fundamental activity associated with the planning function of management involves
A.	establishing structure. 	 
B.	evaluating progress. 	
C.	motivating employees.
D.	looking ahead. 
96.	What is a primary consideration when organizing employees' workloads?
A.	Reward system 	 
B.	Disciplinary procedures 
C.	Feedback methods
D.	Time management 
97.	What management function involves identifying qualified candidates to perform the business's work?
A.	Controlling 	 
B.	Leading 	
C.	Persuading
D.	Staffing 
98.	What is an important question that a manager must consider when hiring a new employee?
A.	How will the company compensate this worker? 
B.	What is the company's vision? 
C.	How should the workload be distributed? 
D.	What are the company's product quality standards? 
99.	One activity associated with the directing function of management is
A.	interviewing applicants. 	 
B.	establishing goals. 	
C.	determining tasks.
D.	instructing employees. 
100.	As a manager, Pablo is taking steps to correct a problem that is affecting the business's productivity. Which of the following types of control is Pablo using:
A.	Contingency 	 
B.	Preliminary 	
C.	Rework
D.	Functional
