Protect the well-being of individuals and businesses. Businesses must follow a variety of government regulations, such as labor laws, environmental laws, and trade regulations. The purpose of regulating business activities is to protect consumers and businesses from unethical behavior and to provide a fair environment in which businesses can compete. In a free-enterprise economic system, regulations encourage competition rather than limit it. Although governments often implement policies that encourage business expansion and change international trade initiatives, these are not primary reasons for regulating business activities.
Master-servant. In legal terms, the master-servant relationship refers to the amount of control that a principal (e.g., employer or client) has over an agent (e.g., employee or attorney). Determining if a master-servant relationship exists is an important consideration when addressing a business's legal issues and disputes, especially in cases that involve liability questions. Factors that determine if a master-servant relationship exists include the nature of the agent's work, the level of the agent's control (e.g., decision making), and the agent's level of supervision. Principal-captive, contractor-subordinate, and arbitrator-civilian are not terms that are widely used to describe agency relationships in law.
Accept responsibility. When Nate accepts his detention for failing to follow directions, he is accepting personal responsibility for his actions. The ability to follow directions effectively requires you to understand what you have to do and then do it correctly. In this situation, Nate is not noting key words, knowing when to speak, or trying to avoid rushing.
Identify the audience. It is important for business employees to identify the audience before preparing an oral presentation because the type of audience will have an effect on the information that is provided. For example, if the audience is composed of other businesspeople, the language and examples used will be different than if the audience is composed of students. When preparing oral presentations, employees need to consider the age, educational level, and interests of the audience in order to give presentations that will appeal to that specific group of people. After identifying the audience, employees organize their notes, develop appropriate visuals, and practice the speech in order to make sure that they are prepared for the presentation.
Expect to revise. It is usually not possible for the first draft of written communications to be the most effective. Therefore, businesspeople should expect to revise written messages at least once, and generally several times. During the revision stage, businesspeople check for accuracy of content and proofread for errors in spelling and punctuation. Reading over the message several times in order to reorganize information or check for mistakes will help businesspeople to prepare effective written communications. Although it may be necessary to ask others for help when writing, it is usually not necessary to plan a meeting. Oral communications involves the use of the right tone of voice. Businesspeople often work with others to prepare effective written communications.
A quote stating the number of children who are homeless. To capture the attention of readers, a persuasive letter must grab their attention and get them in a receptive mood. Jana's job qualifications and other types of background information, such as the number of rooms in the shelter, should not be presented until the readers understand why it is important for them to hear this message. Asking the readers to do something to help should come after the readers have been persuaded that the cause or topic of the letter is important.
Progress. Marketing personnel often prepare simple reports to keep managers informed of the progress and current status of activities and projects. These progress reports are short and contain only the information needed to keep managers and other staff informed. Proposal reports recommend trying new projects or activities. Employee reports concern staff performance. Abstract reports summarize complicated or lengthy material.
Justification report. Analytical reports are documents that evaluate issues, opportunities, or problems. A justification report is a type of analytical report that evaluates the success or failure of a previous decision or course of action. In the recommendations section of a justification report, the writer may validate the decision, suggest improvements, or describe why an action has been ineffective. A market analysis is a systematic study of the market. Reports that address financial issues associated with a certain course of action, such as a merger, are called due diligence reports. Troubleshooting reports address specific problems, such as a problem with a process.
The research findings. Recommendations should be based on the research findings. Some reports may include qualitative information in the recommendations, but the recommendations should always include what the results reveal. The recommendations should not be based solely on the researcher's values, customary opinions, or psychological theories.
Upward. Upward communication moves up the chain of command to someone at a higher level of authority. Horizontal, or peer, communication is between employees on the same level. Downward communication moves from management down to subordinates.
Resolve problems. Providing good service includes resolving problems and complaints. Some customers will be very upset about a problem, and employees must be prepared to find solutions without getting as upset as the customer. Solving problems satisfies customers and gives them the service they deserve. Employees do not have the authority to lower prices, offer discounts, or plan events without the approval of management.
No, some business policies are clear-cut and need no explanation. These policies are often displayed in writing on posters or signs at various locations within the business so that customers can read them for themselves. For example, a business may post signs that it will prosecute shoplifters. This policy is clear and does not need to be explained to customers. Not all business policies are this clear, and they do need to be explained. The business can, however, follow the policies it has established whether or not they have been explained to customers.
Trees. As trees are cut, people can plant new trees so that more timber will be available. Nature replaces oil deposits and minerals over a period of years. Water is replaced by rain.
Price at which customers will buy the same amount that producers supply. Market-clearing price is also called equilibrium price because the amount produced and the amount sold are equal. The price for which a product will sell in the competitive marketplace is the product's selling price, but that is not always the equilibrium price. The amount a seller must earn in order to make a profit refers to the revenues that a firm needs in order to pay its expenses and have funds left, or profit. Value is the amount of satisfaction a product will provide a consumer.
It involves the flow of ideas across national borders. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. The result is that various regions across the globe now have integrated societies, cultures, and economies—this is due to methods of communication, transportation, and trade becoming faster and more efficient all the time. Globalization involves ideas, people, culture—much more than just economics. It has had a major impact on the world and everyone in it. Experts agree that the pace of globalization is quickening.
Worker efficiency. Scarce resources include such things as time and supplies. When workers are efficient, they are able to produce more, which usually results in more profit. Making the best use of scarce resources will decrease expenses and have no effect on cost of merchandise. Better use of resources would not automatically result in increased risk.
Advantages. These advantages also include increased level of skill and increased quality of work. Disadvantages include the risks of increased interdependency, increased boredom, decreased pride in work, decreased morale, increased chance of obsolescence, and increased chance of not being able to change to similar positions. Categories, or types, of labor specialization include trade or profession, stage of production, and task.
Trends in the world economy. Trade balances are affected by trends in the world economy. A nation experiencing economic growth impacts on other nations by increasing its level of exports. A nation experiencing economic loss might be unable to purchase goods and services from other nations, or to produce goods to export. Standards of living, cultural events of nations, and domestic investments do not impact trade balances.
David might consider giving a modest gift to the office after the contract negotiation is finalized. Business gift-giving practices vary by country and by an organization's policies. In Canada, gifts given to the office (e.g., food) or a bottle of wine are acceptable tokens of appreciation when a negotiation has been reached. Expensive gifts are often viewed as bribery.
While discussing sports during a luncheon meeting in Liverpool, England, U.S. businessperson Colt Marconi made the victory sign with the palm of his hand facing him. To avoid offending people, businesspeople should learn about the country's cultural norms, including verbal and nonverbal communication. While a victory sign may be an acceptable gesture (nonverbal communication) in the U.S., it is offensive to British people. Using the appropriate title (e.g., Sir John) to greet a businessperson is acceptable verbal communication. An example of unacceptable verbal communication in England is discussing work during social gatherings that occur after business hours. It is acceptable behavior to order a pint of ale during a business luncheon in England.
Spatial preferences. The concept of space and proximity differs among cultures. In countries such as the United States and Japan, people prefer to maintain distance from others during conversation. In these countries, maintaining space is a sign of respect for the other person. On the other hand, people from Latin-American countries, such as Venezuela, believe that it is unfriendly to maintain distance and prefer to stand or sit closely when conversing. The example is not a cultural issue related to time, language, or status.
Translation problem. Before using a greeting or phrase in a foreign language, businesspeople need to make sure that they have the correct translation and pronunciation.  Incorrect translations are embarrassing, and may offend the foreigners rather than impress them. The example may seem like a humorous situation to some people, but Hans did not intend to be humorous. The situation is not related to dining etiquette, and it is a verbal blunder rather than a physical action or gesture.
Collectivist culture. Collectivist cultures emphasize or focus on the good of the group rather than individual gain. Loyalty, compliance, and teamwork are very important to collectivist cultures such as Japan. Japan is not an explicit society, elitist nation, or ceremonial civilization.
Gender. Values, expectations, roles, and rules for women differ by culture. In Saudi Arabia, it is offensive to discuss or ask about a Saudi-Arabian's female family members. This situation is a gender issue rather than a political, education, or emotional issue.
English and Hindi. The official languages of India are English and Hindi. Czech is the official language of the Czech Republic, and French is the official language of France.
Words. The word verbal is derived from the Latin verbum, or word. Verbal communication is generally understood to mean spoken words but, under some conditions, it may also include written words.
Being cooperative with coworkers. Responsible workers work cooperatively with others and do not create problems for them. They also take the blame for their own mistakes. Personal phone calls should not be part of the business day. Lunch periods should be confined to the allotted time.
You gain others' respect. Most people do not like to make mistakes, but everyone makes them from time to time. It's the way that a person handles a mistake or poor decision that is important. Taking responsibility means admitting the wrongdoing, accepting the consequences of the decision, and trying to do better the next time. When a person admits making a mistake, s/he is likely to gain the respect of others and gain trust. When people do not admit their mistakes or they blame others for mistakes, they are showing that they value their well-being over others, which is demonstrating self-importance. Most people do not trust individuals who do not accept responsibility for their actions or decisions, and are likely to be skeptical about those individuals' true motives. People cannot control others' opinions.
Stress levels. When you take on more than you can handle, your stress levels tend to increase. High stress levels can lower your efficiency, the quality of your work, and your ability to analyze information. Overcommitment does not increase your cultural sensitivity.
Yes; you can learn self-control by working at it. People are not born with self-control. It is not an inherited trait but a skill that can be learned. Developing self-control requires a lot of personal effort. It cannot be learned simply through observation.
Job performance. It is the job of the person who supervises your work to analyze your strengths and weaknesses. S/He is responsible for providing direction to help you in areas that need improvement. Such criticism, however, should be directed toward your role as an employee, not toward you as a person. Only when it is related to your job performance should an employer criticize your ability to accept feedback or to get along with others.
Direct eye contact. During a negotiation, a person is usually more credible and successful in getting what s/he wants if s/he conveys self-confidence—a belief in his/her own talents, skills, and objectives. To convey self-confidence, a person should speak clearly, maintain direct eye contact, and make sure that s/he does not engage in negative body language, such as nervous foot tapping, arm crossing, or defensive facial expressions.
Negotiating. When a person negotiates, s/he is persuading someone to take a certain course of action. Negotiating a compromise is often necessary in order to resolve to a conflict. For example, you want something from me, so you offer me something I want in return. We negotiate until we are both satisfied and have resolved the conflict. Problem solving involves looking at all sides of the issue and working with the other person to come up with a satisfactory resolution. Yielding means accommodating, or "giving in." Forcing is using physical or emotional responses such as throwing punches or using offensive language.
Social management. Communicating effectively, showing a sense of teamwork, and being a good negotiator are all ways to demonstrate social management. Social management is the ability to respond effectively to others' emotions, and good leaders are good social managers. Self-awareness is a person's knowledge of his/her own emotions. Self-management is the ability to direct and control one's emotions in a way that is purposeful. Social awareness is the ability to know and understand others' emotions.
Regular. The customer may charge purchases at any time but must pay the full amount owed by a specific date. Installment credit requires customers to pay interest on a specific number of monthly payments. Revolving credit allows customers the option of paying in full or making partial payments each month. Long-term is a distractor.
Yes, you can buy renter's insurance. Renter's insurance is a form of liability coverage that can be purchased by those who rent or lease property to cover their possessions. The owner of the property should buy homeowner's insurance to cover the property. Life insurance would not protect your belongings as it is not paid out until the death of the policyholder.
Marketing plan. A marketing plan is a set of procedures or strategies for attracting the target customer to a business. It is one of the four major instruments for reducing the risk of doing business because the plan helps to identify and attract the people who are most likely to buy. Businesses reduce risk and are more successful when they target the right customer and do not try to be "all things to all people." A balance sheet is a statement showing the financial status of the business. A flextime policy involves allowing employees to select their own working hours as long as they work the required number of hours. A referral system is a method of prospecting in which salespeople ask someone they know or someone who uses their products to recommend them to others.
User-friendly. An accounting system is the methods and procedures that a business uses in handling its financial information. An efficient accounting system allows the business to retrieve the information it needs quickly and easily. Because most companies use computer-based accounting systems to help them store, track, and retrieve important financial data, it is important for the accounting system's software to be user-friendly, easy-to-use and operate. Most companies do not want a lot of people to have access to their financial data, so it is important to keep it secure and accessible for those who need and use the information. Accounting systems require some type of maintenance because people must continuously update the information. Accounting systems do not produce results for the business—they simply store information in an organized way.
Legal considerations. There are laws that regulate the reporting of financial information. Since accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting financial records, all businesses need to be aware of legal considerations and understand what is legal and what is not. For example, there are laws regulating the way that businesses report income and pay taxes. If businesses violate the law, they may be fined or face other types of legal action. With regard to the accounting process, it is not necessary for all businesses to be aware of management styles, system specifications, or research techniques.
Earned profit. Monitoring financial activity means deciding what to do with earned profit. The income statement enables top executives and managers to know exactly how much profit the business is earning and helps them to see the best places to invest the profit. This includes devising new ways to run the business, designing new products, expanding the business, or developing new methods of production. A business does not monitor its financial status in order to decide what to do with past-due accounts, estimated sales, or economic decline.
Communicate it to all employees. To make sure their budgets are effective, businesses should communicate them to all employees. Even the best, most accurate budget is ineffective if no one sees it. Effective budgets are those that have been clearly communicated to all employees, so that each person in the company is aware of his/her effect on the company's profits. All employees should receive this information, not just top managers. Businesses usually send annual financial statements rather than budget information to their stockholders. Specific budget information usually is not posted on company bulletin boards.
Strategic management. When HR management executives participate in a company's long-range planning efforts, they are taking part in strategic management. Strategic management may take into account marketing, budgeting, and financial analysis, but HR managers will be present to ensure that the company is planning now to have the human resources it needs tomorrow.
A willingness to share expertise. Knowledge management involves leveraging the expertise, insight, and information of internal and external resources to help an organization achieve its goals. To leverage knowledge, employees must be willing to share information with their coworkers and managers. When employees are willing to share their ideas and expertise, it often makes it easier to resolve problems, develop new (tangible and intangible) products, and find connections among seemingly unrelated processes that will enhance efficiency.
Withholding information. When an employee is unwilling to share information that will help the company improve its performance, achieve a competitive advantage, or develop innovative processes, an ethical issue may exist. In the example, the employee is unwilling to share information because s/he has a personal issue with another employee. Although Bob's motives may be considered unethical by some people, he was not breaking a law, providing misleading facts, or engaging in insider trading.
Groupware. Groupware or collaborative computer software allows many employees to access and share information, including tacit knowledge. Some applications, such as e-mail and instant messaging, allow employees to instantly transmit messages to coworkers who are in remote locations. The primary use of spreadsheet applications is to show numerical information in a logical format. Businesspeople use presentation software to develop visual aids that support their business presentations. Businesses use recovery applications to back up their computer data. The backed up data can be used if the computer systems break or fail.
Patent. Intellectual property is intangible business assets that result from thinking processes. Businesses can obtain legal protection of their intellectual property from the government. A patent is legal protection for a product or process, such as a production process. The patent is granted to the inventor or owner for a specific number of years and is a legal means of preventing the product from being recreated and distributed by unauthorized entities. Copyrights legally protect written documents and artistic compositions. A trademark is legal protection for a symbol, design, or word (name) that a business uses to identify its brand.
Knowledge harvesting. Knowledge harvesting is the process of gathering, extracting, and storing tacit knowledge. Knowledge harvesting is useful in preventing the loss of critical information due to employees' retirement, resignation, promotion, transfer, illness, etc. The knowledge harvesting process may help the company forecast sales and identify trends. Maggie is conducting internal research rather than external research.
Knowledge codification. Knowledge codification involves placing knowledge into a format that is accessible to others. In the example, Malcolm has been asked to write down the steps he uses to carry out an activity. By doing so, he is putting his know-how into a written format that others can access when they need it. Malcolm's situation is not an example of confidential information, project management, or data procurement.
Bottle of shampoo. A nondurable good is one that is soon used up, such as a bottle of shampoo, which must be replaced regularly. A refrigerator and a plastic ruler are classified as durable goods. A doctor's visit is a service.
It may be one part of a business's overall information management program. A management information system (MIS) is a form of technology that assists with a business's information management needs. It is not the same thing as an information management program; however, it may be one part of an overall information management program. An MIS is just hardware and software, but an overall information management program involves people, processes, and practices.
Key points. Employees use presentation software to develop computer-operated visual aids that support an oral presentation. Slides for the presentation should include key points that highlight or reinforce the most important information, which may or may not include numerical data. Colorful graphics and creative transitions often make a presentation more interesting, but they are not necessary elements for each slide.
Link to. A business's web site usually contains several pages so specialized information can be explained in more detail. For example, many businesses have pages that describe the history of the company, list the key employees, explain products, offer customer service, etc. It is important that each page include a link to the home page so users can return to the main page easily. Users often want to access each page, and it is easier to do so if they can quickly link to the home page. It is not necessary to include a summary of the home page or a reason for the home page. Businesses often include illustrations or pictures on the home page, although that is not necessary.
Corporate-level. Large businesses often have complex projects that involve hundreds of tasks. Corporate-level project-management software programs have multiple applications that allow a business to track hundreds of tasks and several projects at one time. Typically, this software provides cost accounting, resource leveling, "what-if" analyses, charting, and reporting capabilities. Some corporate-level software programs can be customized to accommodate the unique needs of the business. Single-project programs are used for individual (single) projects. GNATT and PERT charts depict simple project or production schedules and tasks as graphic representations.
Documents containing company information. Business records are documents containing information about a business's operations and finances—what it has done with its resources and opportunities. Business records may or may not involve information regarding sales employees, retail theft, or customer loyalty.
Globalization. A trend is the general direction in which people or events are moving. Globalization is the rapid and unimpeded flow of capital, labor, and ideas across national borders. Several factors influence globalization, including technological advancements (e.g., Internet) and the various trade agreements (e.g., NAFTA) that have decreased trade regulations. The opening of trade in countries, such as India and China, which has permitted more foreign businesses to operate within their borders, has also affected globalization. Socialism is an economic system rather than a trend. Inflation is an economic factor that often affects trends.
Import/Export regulations. Import/Export regulations are a factor that relates to government. The government can have a great influence on a business's decision making, so it is important to include government in any environmental scan. Religious affiliation is a piece of demographic data. Stage of the business cycle relates to the economy. Advances in technology will be scanned in a separate category.
Health-department permit. Certain types of businesses, such as restaurants, grocers, and health-care facilities, must obtain permits to operate from the health department. Businesses that prepare and sell food carry a higher risk of transmitting infectious disease, so it is important that they comply with laws, so they can continue to operate. Real-estate agents must obtain real-estate licenses. Transportation companies (e.g., trucking companies) must obtain licensure or certification to operate from the appropriate government agency (e.g., U.S. Department of Transportation). A search warrant is a legal document authorizing law-enforcement officials to search property.
Protect the well-being of the business's employees and customers. Governments develop and enforce various regulations to protect the well-being of society. If a business is not following safety regulations, it is not protecting the well-being of its employees and customers. An employee should report the noncompliance so the government can step in and ensure that the business takes corrective action before an accident occurs and someone is injured. By reporting noncompliance of safety regulations, the employee may prevent a tragedy from occurring and prevent the business from receiving poor publicity and a bad reputation that would likely result from an accident or injury. Although it depends on the type of product, it is often legal for a business to sell substitute goods to consumers. Labor laws, rather than safety regulations, regulate the ways in which businesses pay their employees.
Evacuate the premises. A fire is an example of an emergency situation that business employees should be prepared to handle. One of the first procedures to follow if a fire is detected in the facility is to evacuate the premises to protect the safety of customers as well as employees. Getting everyone out of the building is extremely important. Employees should already know where the fire extinguishers are located and be able to use them if appropriate. However, they should first evacuate the premises before the fire gets out of control. After everyone is safely outside, it would be appropriate to contact corporate headquarters. Employees would not hide the valuables.
A new customer's check is for an amount larger than the purchase total. The customer's check may be valid, or it may be a bad check because there is not enough money in the customer's account to honor the check. If the business accepts a bad check, the bank will not honor the check, and the business will lose not only the value of the customer's purchase but the additional cash as well. To protect themselves, some businesses require checks for more than the purchase total to be approved by a manager. A regular customer who brings in a new neighbor does not represent a risk to the business. Most customers are rightfully impatient when they are kept waiting by telephone transactions. Photo identification is considered the most acceptable form because it carries both a picture and a signature.
Returning an urgent telephone call from an important customer. Prioritizing involves ranking things in the order of their relative importance.  Employees evaluate many factors when prioritizing their work, including due dates and the time that it will take to complete a task. Oftentimes, things come up that require immediate attention, which means an employee might need to reprioritize tasks. Returning an urgent telephone call from an important customer should be the employee's top priority. Faxing a purchase order that a vendor needs the next day and preparing a simple report that is due in one week should be the next priorities. If the employee has completed those tasks, then s/he can read the online newsletter about industry trends.
Timing. When tasks need to be completed in sequential order, one team member cannot start his/her task until another team member has completed her/his task. If one team member runs behind, it affects all other team members who must complete tasks after that team member. This can create bottlenecks and can cause delays and missed deadlines. Therefore, it is important to coordinate tasks so that sufficient time is allocated to complete each task. Durability and pricing may be factors when coordinating certain types of projects; however, these factors may or may not be tied to the tasking sequence. Credibility is believability.
Change. Change is something that occurs constantly and usually without warning. When developing a project plan, a business should always provide for change because it is inevitable that something will change. For example, a customer may add a new requirement or need a larger quantity. Being prepared to deal with any changes that may take place during the course of the project will help to make the project successful. Not all projects require research or secrecy. Businesses don't provide for publicity unless the project is unique and of interest to the public.
Conduct a cost-benefit analysis. Because problems often occur during the execution phase of a project, the project manager must determine the best way to handle them. Sometimes, there are several options from which to choose to correct a problem, so the project manager must determine the best option. Conducting a cost-benefit analysis of each option aids the project manager in making the best decision possible. Cash-flow statements and budgets are useful documents to review when a financial issue occurs. Distributing a survey to team members will not quickly resolve a process problem.
Schedule variances. During the execution phase of a project, all of the project's tasks and activities are being carried out. Project managers must monitor all aspects of the work to ensure that it is being performed correctly and efficiently. Monitoring the work often involves reviewing various status reports and comparing data among project phases. Because John is comparing projected and actual completion dates, he is analyzing the schedule to detect variances or differences among desired and actual information. By analyzing schedule variances, he can determine where bottlenecks are occurring, where processes may be inefficient or where resources are unavailable. Then, he can take corrective action to get back on track. Financial reports are used to evaluate cost discrepancies and profit margins.
Collaborative. A collaborative attitude involves a willingness to work together to achieve mutually beneficial goals. Collaboration requires honest, objective, and ongoing communication. When businesses are willing to work together, they are more likely to build positive long-term relationships. Creative, influential, and reflective (thoughtful) attitudes are helpful and can enhance collaboration, but having a collaborative attitude is the key to fostering successful, long-term relationships with vendors.
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a business's product requirements for a certain period of time. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. A service order is a request for service, such as an equipment repair or installation. A referral is a recommendation rather than a type of purchase order.
Buttons, cloth, and thread. Raw-materials inventory are goods (inputs) that are used to make a finished good (output). Buttons, cloth, thread, and zippers are examples of goods used to make clothing (finished goods), such as shirts. Sewing machines are equipment used to combine the inputs to create the outputs or finished goods.
Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses. By assessing a vendor's strengths and weaknesses before entering a negotiation, a business can plan strategies to use that will strengthen its own position during the negotiating process. Planning and developing effective strategies can help the business obtain desired discounts, favorable service options, or cooperative advertising support. And, the business may make fewer concessions during the negotiation because it analyzed the vendor's capabilities before beginning negotiations. To obtain a favorable agreement, the business should strive for a win-win attitude. Adopting a win-lose attitude and using overly aggressive tactics may backfire, and prevent both parties from getting what they want from the negotiation.
Break-even point. The break-even point is the level of sales at which revenues equal total costs. In determining selling price, businesses calculate their total costs, including operating expenses, in order to find the break-even point. It is important to factor in all operating expenses when calculating the break-even point in order to set the selling price that will cover all operating expenses and make a profit for the business. Gross profit is the money left after cost of goods expense is subtracted from total income. Start-up costs are all of the expenses involved in setting up a new business or introducing a new product to the market. Start-up costs are one factor that may be considered when calculating the break-even point. Money supply is the total quantity of money which exists at one time in a nation.
Protection of investment. Businesses have a lot of money invested in their buildings. Regular maintenance keeps buildings looking good and in good repair so that their value stays the same or increases. Maintenance is part of risk management since it helps to prevent accidents and injuries. Effective maintenance usually increases operating efficiency. It may increase sales since attractive facilities are more appealing to customers, but it doesn't control sales.
Promotional needs. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating an issue, problem, process, or approach that affects the business. Analysis can help a business determine how to achieve its goals. Because the data and information that Mitchell is evaluating is related to an advertising campaign, he is evaluating a promotional issue—he is determining the best way to communicate product information to the target market. Although available human (internal and external) and financial resources are factors that Mitchell might consider as part of the analysis, the primary purpose is promotional rather than evaluating the business's operating schedule or its human resources.
Being organized. Employees can make a personal effort to be organized. One of the benefits of being organized is that it saves time and reduces costs, thus improving efficiency. Working rapidly may lessen efficiency through careless errors. Following company policies and taking additional training do not guarantee increased efficiency.
Putting what you know about yourself on paper. In order to develop self-understanding, you must first analyze what you already know about yourself. Putting what you know on paper or entering it into a computer will help you see clearly what you already know. If you include your strengths and weaknesses in this evaluation, you can begin to build on your strengths and to overcome your weaknesses. Setting realistic career goals for yourself should be done after you have developed self-understanding. Observing the actions and interests of others is not a step in understanding yourself.
Freedom from discrimination. Discrimination is unfair treatment of a person or a group based on the person's or group's characteristics, e.g., race, religion, and gender. Workers have the right to not be discriminated against in the workplace. This applies to hiring new employees as well as the treatment of current employees. For example, workers should have equal opportunities for advancement and not be discriminated against in the promotion process simply because they are female. Flexible work schedules are offered by some businesses, but that is not a right that workers should expect. Employees are entitled to a certain amount of personal time but not unlimited personal time. Employees usually have access to only the company information that they need in order to do their jobs.
Posted help-wanted signs. Many local businesses post help-wanted signs in their windows to attract the attention of prospective employees. Young people searching for their first jobs often respond to the help-wanted signs. The young people usually are familiar with these businesses because they are part of the community. Businesses that hire employment agencies, conduct professional searches, and advertise in trade journals usually are looking for employees who have experience or specialized training rather than young people searching for their first jobs.
An expanding company creates a new department to support a developing product line. A job promotion occurs when an employee advances to another position that often provides the individual with increased responsibility and compensation as well as a new job title. Companies often provide their employees with opportunities to advance within the organization because they are familiar with many aspects of the organization (e.g., products, climate). A company that creates a new department needs people to carry out the work. Therefore, the new department provides an opportunity for advancement for current employees. When a partner leaves a partnership, the partnership generally dissolves and requires legal restructuring. Temporary workers are individuals who work on a short-term basis to carry out a business's tasks and objectives. Although some temporary employees secure permanent positions, it does not necessarily mean that they are placed in different positions. When a layoff situation occurs, people lose their jobs and promotion opportunities generally decrease.
Using production equipment without appropriate safety gear. A company's rules of conduct outline its policies and expectations regarding employees' behavior in the workplace. A company expects its employees to follow safety precautions to protect themselves, their coworkers, and their customers. If an employee violates safety procedures, the company is likely to reprimand or discipline the employee. A reprimand involves a verbal warning, usually for a first offense. If the inappropriate behavior continues, more severe disciplinary actions may involve counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. Requesting time off for a doctor's appointment, completing one task before another task, and asking a coworker to take a message are not actions that warrant disciplinary action.
The purpose of the rules of conduct is to guide employees' behavior in relation to their jobs. Rules of conduct are necessary to provide a fair and consistent working environment for all employees. When all employees are held to the same standards, the employees tend to work well together to accomplish the company's goals and reinforce its image. Companies' rules of conduct can vary and are influenced by the industry, profession, and company philosophy. Companies should document their rules of conduct because employees' personal ethics and values may differ from their employers' ethics and values.
Christopher Franklin, senior buyer. As the senior buyer, Christopher Franklin reports to Tiffany Evans, who is the manager of the purchasing department. Elizabeth Curtis reports directly to Christopher Franklin. Logan Grear most likely reports to the warehouse or distribution manager. Quinn Montgomery reports to the accounting-department manager.
Consumer. Businesses set different types of organizational goals. When a business sets standards to accommodate the target market's needs and wants, it is setting consumer-oriented goals.  Employees often use technology to carry out the activities used to achieve the business's consumer goals. Financial goals are objectives that are measured in terms of money.
Perform their jobs in efficient ways. To achieve its organizational goals, a business relies on its employees to perform their jobs in the most efficient, accurate, safe, and cost-effective ways. The organization's mission statement is developed by the organization's owners or management team. The mission statement acts as a guide for owners and managers, when they are establishing organizational goals. Managers, rather than workers, delegate the workload.
Why are we doing this project? The purpose of the project defines the reason for the project. Defining the purpose is critical because the project's goals, activities, and deliverables are based upon the purpose statement. To define the purpose, stakeholders need to determine why the project needs to be done. What the project will produce is asked when determining deliverables. Questions about the materials and the project team are related to resources that will be needed to complete the project.
Organize the work in a logical sequence. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Creating the WBS involves organizing everything that needs to be done in a logical sequence, to ensure that the project's goals are achieved and deliverables are delivered on time. The project's benefits and stakeholders are identified in the statement of work (SOW). Monitoring human resources and supplies is a management activity.
Communicate their roles and responsibilities to them. An important aspect of the project manager's role is to communicate to team members their individual roles and responsibilities for executing the project. When team members understand what is expected of them, the project is more likely to run smoothly and achieve its goals. Establishing benchmarks, requiring contracts, and correcting team members' mistakes for them will not help the team members perform their work efficiently.
Providing feedback. One activity that project managers perform is providing team members with feedback. Feedback is necessary to solve problems, correct mistakes, make improvements, and encourage team members. Jane is not resolving a conflict, encouraging teamwork, or assessing skills.
Closing. When a project has been completed, the project manager returns the equipment and supplies to vendors or departments and releases team members to their previous duties. During the implementation phase, the team members use the resources to perform project tasks. During the planning phase, the project manager determines the resources that will be needed to complete the project. The stakeholders define the project's purpose during the initiation phase of the project.
Satisfaction. If customers are not satisfied with a business's goods and services, they will start buying from competitors. Therefore, businesses need to continuously monitor customer-satisfaction levels and take steps to maintain or improve satisfaction levels. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. In the example, the bookstore surveyed customers to obtain their opinions about the store's goods and services, which will provide input about the customers' level of satisfaction. The example does not indicate if product durability, safety, or customization were topics included in the survey.
Quantitative information. Six Sigma is a quality-management framework that focuses on continuously setting higher goals of perfection to improve the quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. Six Sigma uses quantitative information (easily measureable facts and data) to assess the degree of improvement at various intervals and to set new improvement goals. The types of quantitative information that the framework evaluates include costs, production rates, the quantity of outputs with defects, profit margins, etc. Quantitative information is often used to determine technology needs, develop expansion plans, and review policies, such as employees' compensation and benefits.
Evaluation. To determine if quality has improved, the business needs to compare the product or process before the improvement was made with the product or process after improvements were implemented. After evaluating the improvements, the business can document results, and recommend additional improvements, if necessary.
Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills. Nepotism is the practice of hiring employees on the basis of the relationship between the new hire and an employee. Hiring a family member who doesn't possess the skills to perform the job is an example of nepotism. When the family member does not have the appropriate skills to perform the job, it presents an ethical issue (favoritism) and can increase the business's financial risk. The business is paying someone who cannot perform the work efficiently, which means the business isn't getting the most for its payroll dollars. In addition, if the new hire does not have skills to run equipment safely, s/he is more likely to break equipment or cause injury. As long as the activities are legal and do not harm others, communicating business information to customers, developing processes to test product durability, and striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers are ethical actions.
Saves information when computer failures occur. Back-up procedures involve saving the business's computer information at set intervals. If the computer system is damaged or fails to operate correctly, the back-up is available to retrieve stored information so the business can continue to operate. The back-up reduces the risk of losing all types of information—financial, shipping, ordering, human resources, etc. The purpose for implementing back-up procedures is not to prevent hacking, detect noncompliance, or allow employees to access multiple applications, although there are various software applications that specifically address those issues.
Obtain professional liability insurance. Professional liability insurance is a type of insurance that provides financial protection for certain types of professionals, such as doctors, nurses, lawyers, architects, and accountants. The purpose of the insurance is to reduce the risk of financial loss to the individual and to the company for whom s/he works if a client or patient sues them. The purpose of disability insurance is to cover people who cannot work for long periods of time due to illness or injury. Signing vendor contracts and developing non-compete contracts do not reduce risks associated with client or patient lawsuits.
Planning. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Setting goals is the first step in planning. Organizing is setting up the way the business's work will be done. Staffing is finding workers for the business. Directing is providing guidance to workers and work projects.
Short-range and specific. Tactical planning is short-range planning (one year or less) of specific actions that the business will take. Tactical plans involve day-to-day operating activities and are usually implemented by lower-level managers. Tactical plans are based on strategic plans. Strategic planning involves long-term planning (more than one year) and focuses on the general future of company. Strategic plans are usually developed by upper management.
Assigning responsibility. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. Assigning responsibility (establishing levels of authority) is an organizing activity. Hiring talented workers is a staffing activity. Evaluating job performance is a controlling activity. Management can monitor and adapt to external conditions but cannot control them.
Training. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. A primary staffing function involves training the employees to perform the work correctly. Recruiting is the staffing function of finding workers to perform the work. Interviewing involves meeting with job applicants to assess their skills and to determine if they are a good fit for open positions. Appraising is an activity that involves evaluating an employee's work performance.
Motivating. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. A directing activity is motivating employees, which is prompting them to continue a certain behavior or to take a certain action. When a manager provides employees with positive verbal feedback for their performance or offers monetary incentives for them to achieve certain goals, the manager is motivating employees. Supervising involves monitoring the work effort.  Coordinating involves linking activities to achieve a desired outcome. Producing involves combining inputs to create outputs—making goods or services.
Profitability. Profitability control measures and controls the profitability of the company's various products, territories, customer groups, channels, and order sizes. Annual-plan control is used to ensure the company achieves sales and profits goals. Strategic control includes a periodic assessment of the company and its strategies in the marketplace. Efficiency control focuses on finding ways to increase the efficiency of the sales force, advertising, sales promotion, and distribution.
Finances. Control is the management function that monitors the work effort. A budget is an estimate of what income and expenses will be for a specific time period. Managers use budgets as way to control expenses in relation to the income that the business receives. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given period. Effectiveness is the ability to achieve a result. Information is knowledge, facts, or data.
