1.	The primary reason that governments regulate business activities is to
A.	encourage businesses to expand their operations.  
B.	limit the level of competition in the marketplace. 
C.	protect the well-being of individuals and businesses. 
D.	change international trade initiatives. 
2.	The nature of an agent's work and the level of an agent's control are factors that determine if a(n) __________ relationship exists.
A.	arbitrator-civilian  
B.	principal-captive 
C.	contractor-subordinate
D.	master-servant 
3.	Nate was supposed to bring his report card back to school, signed by a parent. After forgetting three days in a row, his teacher gave him a detention. Nate doesn't complain about it because he knows he didn't follow the teacher's directions. Which of the following steps for following directions does this situation illustrate:
A.	Accepting responsibility 	 
B.	Knowing when to speak 	
C.	Not rushing
D.	Noting key words 
4.	What should business employees do first when preparing an oral presentation?
A.	Develop the visuals 
B.	Practice the speech 
C.	Organize the notes
D.	Identify the audience 
5.	What do businesspeople need to do to prepare effective written communications?
A.	Plan a meeting 
B.	Expect to revise 
C.	Use the right voice tone
D.	Work alone 
6.	Jana is in charge of raising money to build a new homeless shelter in her community.  She has decided to write a letter to local businesses asking for donations.  Because these letters arrive uninvited, she knows that her letter must begin well, or it will likely end up in the trash can.  Which choice is the best for beginning her letter?
A.	A series of boxes to check to make a $10, $50, or $100 contribution 
B.	A brief summary of Jana's qualifications for her job
C.	A quote stating the number of children who are homeless
D.	Details about the number of rooms the new shelter will have
7.	A simple written communication that briefly explains the status of a marketing activity is known as a(n) __________ report.
A.	proposal  
B.	progress
C.	employee
D.	abstract
8.	What type of analytical report is likely to contain the following statement? "Based on the facts presented, it is my recommendation that we continue with the existing course of action and complete the road closures and updates to enhance the city's infrastructure."
A.	Justification report  
B.	Market analysis report
C.	Due diligence report
D.	Troubleshooting report 
9.	The recommendations section of a well-written research report should be based on
A.	customary opinions 
B.	the researcher's values	
C.	the research findings
D.	psychological theories
10.	In business communications, information passed from subordinates to management is known as __________ communication.
A.	horizontal 
B.	upward 
C.	peer
D.	downward 
11.	What can employees do to help provide good service to customers?
A.	Offer discounts 	
B.	Lower prices 
C.	Plan events
D.	Resolve problems 
12.	Is it necessary to interpret all of a business's policies to customers?
A.	No, some business policies are clear-cut and need no explanation.
B.	No, customers don't need to have a business's policies explained.
C.	Yes, customers will not understand policies that are not explained.
D.	Yes, business policies cannot be followed if they have not been explained.
13.	Which of the following is a natural resource that can be renewed through people's efforts:
A.	Crude oil 
B.	Trees 	
C.	Water
D.	Mineral deposits 
14.	Market-clearing price can best be defined as the
A.	amount the seller must earn in order to make a profit. 
B.	price at which customers will buy the same amount that producers supply.
C.	price at which an item regularly sells in the competitive marketplace.
D.	amount of satisfaction a product provides a consumer.
15.	Which of the following is a true statement about globalization:
A.	It has had a minimal impact on the world. 
B.	It involves the flow of ideas across national borders. 
C.	Its pace is slowing down. 
D.	It is a purely economic term. 
16.	One of the ways businesses try to increase profits is by making the best use of scarce resources in order to increase
A.	cost of merchandise
B.	worker efficiency	
C.	risk
D.	expenses
17.	Simplified worker training, increased employee interest and satisfaction, increased production rates, and ease of transferring to similar positions are all __________ of labor specialization.
A.	categories 	
B.	risks 
C.	types
D.	advantages 
18.	Which of the following has an impact on trade balances:
A.	Domestic investments 	
B.	Cultural events of nations
C.	Trends in the world economy
D.	Standards of living 
19.	David is a business executive with a computer-software company based in England and is in Montreal to negotiate a large contract with a Canadian distributor. David isn't sure if he should present the distributor's CEO with a gift. Which of the following options provide the best advice for David to follow:
A.	David might consider giving a modest gift to the office after the contract negotiation is finalized.  
B.	Gift-giving is expected in Canadian business situations, so David should bring an expensive gift to show his appreciation. 
C.	David should not bring a gift under any circumstances because Canadians view gift-giving as a form of bribery. 
D.	Gift-giving is an acceptable practice in Canada, but David should not give a bottle of wine because this type of gift is offensive to Canadians.
20.	Which of the following is an example of a foreign businessperson making an offensive gesture in England:
A.	When socializing with British colleagues after work, a U.S. businessperson started talking about the German acquisition that s/he is coordinating for their company's Boston office. 
B.	Canadian Macy Alt knew that John Woodworth, a senior VP of a British corporation, was knighted by the queen, so she greeted him as "Sir John." 
C.	While discussing sports during a luncheon meeting in Liverpool, England, U.S. businessperson Colt Marconi made the victory sign with the palm of his hand facing him. 
D.	During a business luncheon in an English pub, a Canadian businesswoman ordered a pint of ale to drink before she ordered her food. 
21.	Venezuelan businesspeople tend to stand close to each other, and often touch the other person's arm or jacket during a conversation. This is an issue related to
A.	language
B.	the importance of time
C.	spatial preferences
D.	status
22.	While in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, German businessperson Hans Dieseldorf wanted to greet an important Brazilian businessperson in Portuguese. Instead of saying, “Hello, Brazil is a beautiful country,” Hans said, “Hello, Brazil smells like onions.” This is an example of a(n)
A.	dining-etiquette blunder 
B.	inappropriate use of humor
C.	translation problem
D.	offensive nonverbal gesture.
23.	Because Japanese people value loyalty, compliance, and teamwork in their personal and business relationships, Japan is considered a(n)
A.	explicit society
B.	collectivist culture
C.	elitist nation
D.	ceremonial civilization
24.	In both business and social situations, it is impolite to ask a Saudi-Arabian man about his wife or daughter. What type of cultural difference does this situation illustrate?
A.	Emotional  
B.	Political
C.	Education
D.	Gender 
25.	What are the official languages of India?
A.	Czech and French 	 
B.	Hindi and Czech 	
C.	English and Hindi
D.	French and Hindi 
26.	The term "verbal communication" refers to the process of communicating with
A.	gestures	
B.	words
C.	pictures
D.	illustrations
27.	Which of the following demonstrates responsible behavior on the part of employees:
A.	Taking extra time for lunch
B.	Being cooperative with coworkers
C.	Making personal phone calls during the workday
D.	Letting others take the blame for their mistakes
28.	What is often a positive result of accepting responsibility for a poor decision?
A.	You demonstrate self-importance	 
B.	You control others' opinions
C.	You gain others' respect
D.	You reinforce skeptical attitudes
29.	What often increases when an individual has taken on too many commitments?
A.	Stress levels  
B.	Work quality 	
C.	Cultural sensitivity
D.	Analytical skills 
30.	Is self-control a skill that can be learned?
A.	Yes; you can learn self-control by working at it. 
B.	No; self-control is an inherited skill. 
C.	No; people are born with self-control. 
D.	Yes; you can learn self-control by watching others. 
31.	The main reason that employers offer criticism is so that workers can improve their
A.	ability to accept feedback
B.	ability to get along with others
C.	job performance
D.	personal situations
32.	During a negotiation, a non-verbal behavior that indicates a negotiator's high level of confidence is
A.	defensive facial expression 
B.	foot tapping
C.	arm crossing
D.	direct eye contact
33.	A person reacting to conflict by trying to persuade others to take a certain course of action is an example of
A.	problem solving 
B.	negotiating	
C.	yielding
D.	forcing
34.	Communicating effectively, showing a sense of teamwork, and being a good negotiator are all ways to demonstrate which component of emotional intelligence:
A.	Self-management 
B.	Social awareness
C.	Social management
D.	Self-awareness 
35.	The credit plan that does not charge interest for the privilege of using monthly credit is a(n) __________ credit plan.
A.	installment 
B.	regular
C.	revolving
 D.	long-term 
36.	Is it possible to buy insurance to protect your belongings if you don't own your home, but lease it from someone else?
A.	Yes, you can buy life insurance. 
B.	Yes, you can buy renter's insurance. 
C.	No, leased properties cannot be insured.
D.	No, insurance must be purchased by the owner.
37.	One way for a manager to reduce the risk of doing business is to understand and develop an effective
A.	balance sheet
B.	flextime policy
C.	marketing plan
D.	referral system
38.	Which of the following is a characteristic of an efficient accounting system:
A.	High-accessibility 	
B.	User-friendly 	
C.	Maintenance-free
D.	Results-oriented 
39.	What do all businesses need to be aware of with regard to the accounting process?
A.	Management styles 	 
B.	Legal considerations 	
C.	System specifications
D.	Research techniques 
40.	Monitoring the financial status of a business helps the business to decide what to do with
A.	economic decline	
B.	past-due accounts 	
C.	estimated sales
D.	earned profit
41.	To make sure that their budgets are effective, what should businesses do with budget information?
A.	Provide it to all top managers 
B.	Communicate it to all employees 
C.	Post it on bulletin boards
D.	Send it to all stockholders 
42.	When HR management executives participate in a company's long-range planning efforts, they are taking part in
A.	financial analysis 
B.	marketing
C.	budgeting
D.	strategic management
43.	What is the foundation of knowledge management?
A.	An unresolved conflict or problem  
B.	An intangible product to market
C.	A place to store unrelated data
D.	A willingness to share expertise 
44.	Because Bob was angry that Laurie received the promotion that he wanted, Bob decided not to tell her about a procedure that he uses to bypass a specific problem with a computer program—a step that would save Laurie and other employees a lot of time. This is an ethical issue that is related to
A.	misleading facts 
B.	illegal behavior
C.	insider trading.
D.	withholding information. 
45.	The FMT Company wants to implement a software program to capture and communicate tacit knowledge. Which of the following software applications is best suited to fulfill the company's needs:
A.	Recovery  
B.	Spreadsheet 
C.	Presentation
D.	Groupware 
46.	Corsica Steel Mill has developed a new process to reduce the time it takes to complete a phase of production. To legally protect this new process from unauthorized use, the company should obtain a
A.	trade name 
B.	copyright
C.	trademark
D.	patent
47.	Maggie is interviewing Ron Smith, a retiring employee, to obtain his expertise and know-how to facilitate a smooth transition after Ron has left the company. What activity is Maggie performing?
A.	Knowledge forecasting 	 
B.	Knowledge harvesting 	
C.	External research
D.	Trend identification 
48.	Over the years, Malcolm has implemented strategies that help him perform and complete a work activity more efficiently. The department manager has asked Malcolm to write down the steps of the process, so that the instructions will be available for coworkers and employees in the future. This is an example of
A.	data procurement	 
B.	confidential information 	
C.	project management
D.	knowledge codification

49.	An example of a nondurable good is a
A.	plastic ruler 
B.	refrigerator
C.	bottle of shampoo
D.	doctor's visit
50.	Which of the following is a true statement about a management information system (MIS):
A.	It includes people, processes, and practices. 
B.	It is the same thing as an information management program. 
C.	It does not assist with a business's information management program. 
D.	It may be one part of a business's overall information management program. 
51.	When developing a computer-based presentation, it is important that each slide contain
A.	key points 
B.	colorful graphics
C.	numerical data
D.	creative transitions
52.	When creating web pages, a business should be sure to include a __________ the home page.
A.	picture on 
B.	link to	
C.	summary of
D.	reason for
53.	What type of project-management software would be best for a company to use, if it regularly manages several projects at one time that contain more than 100 tasks?
A.	Corporate-level  
B.	Single-platform 	
C.	GNATT
D.	PERT 
54.	Which of the following is an accurate description of business records:
A.	Reports about retail theft  
B.	Events involving sales employees 	
C.	Documents containing company information
D.	Accounts of customer loyalty 
55.	Which of the following is a business trend that affects all countries:
A.	Globalization 
B.	Socialism 	
C.	Increased regulation
D.	Decreased inflation 
56.	Which of the following is a factor that relates to the government category of an environmental scan: 
A.	Religious affiliation 	 
B.	Import/Export regulations 	
C.	Stage of the business cycle
D.	Advances in technology 
57.	What authorization does Guido's Pizza Shop need to obtain to operate legally within its city's limits?
A.	Real-estate license 	 
B.	Health-department permit 	
C.	Transportation certificate
D.	Search warrant 
58.	The reason why an employee should report an employer's noncompliance with safety regulations is to
A.	keep the business from selling substitute goods to consumers. 
B.	protect the well-being of the business's employees and customers. 
C.	maintain the business's reputation in the competitive environment. 
D.	ensure that employees receive fair pay for any overtime they work. 
59.	What is one of the first procedures to follow if business employees detect a fire in the facility?
A.	Contact corporate headquarters 	 
B.	Locate fire extinguishers 	
C.	Evacuate the premises
D.	Hide the valuables 
60.	Which of the following situations may represent a risk to the business:
A.	A new customer's check is for an amount larger than the purchase total.
B.	A regular customer brings a new neighbor to shop at the business.
C.	A new customer with a check provides a piece of photo identification.
D.	A regular customer is impatient when the cashier takes a telephone order.
61.	Which of the following situations should be an employee's top priority:
A.	Preparing a simple report that is due in one week 
B.	Returning an urgent telephone call from an important customer 
C.	Faxing a purchase order that a vendor needs by tomorrow afternoon 
D.	Reading an online newsletter about industry trends 
62.	An important consideration when coordinating sequential tasks with team members is
A.	durability	 
B.	timing
C.	pricing
D.	credibility
63.	What should a business always provide for when developing a project plan?
A.	Secrecy 	 
B.	Publicity  	
C.	Research  
D.	Change
64.	A project team member detected a problem with a process, and Isabella, the team's project manager, needs to determine how to get the project back on track. What will help Isabella determine which of the three options she should implement?
A.	Conduct a cost-benefit analysis 	 
B.	Review a cash-flow statement 	
C.	Develop a comprehensive budget 
D.	Distribute a survey to team members 
65.	During the execution phase of a large project, John compares anticipated completion dates of project activities with the actual completion dates of the activities. What is John evaluating?
A.	Cost discrepancies 	 
B.	Resource availability 	
C.	Schedule variances
D.	Profit margins 
66.	What attitude would be most likely to support long-term relationships between businesses and their suppliers?
A.	Creative 	 
B.	Collaborative 
C.	Influential
D.	Reflective 
67.	On what type of purchase order are you most likely to find the following information: This order covers the MRE Manufacturing Company's purchase of ½" rubber gaskets, Model # 62376 metal washers, and ¾" PVC piping beginning April 10, 2011 through March 31, 2012.  The prices stated in your quotation dated January 31, 2010 are effective until March 31, 2012.
A.	Custom 	 
B.	Blanket 
C.	Service
D.	Referral 
68.	Which of the following items would a clothing manufacturer classify as raw-materials inventory:
A.	Thread, zippers, and sewing machines 	 
B.	Zippers, sewing machines, and cloth 	
C.	Buttons, cloth, and thread
D.	Cloth, zippers, and shirts 
69.	What should businesses do before negotiating with vendors?
A.	Implement aggressive tactics  	 
B.	Assess vendors' strengths and weaknesses 	
C.	Make minor concessions
D.	Adopt a win-lose attitude 
70.	In determining an appropriate selling price for goods and services, a business calculates its operating expenses in order to find the
A.	break-even point	
B.	start-up costs
C.	money supply
D.	gross profit
71.	Which of the following is an important advantage to a business of maintaining the business's building on a regular basis:
A.	Reduction of risk management 
B.	Reduction of operating efficiency
C.	Control of sales volume
D.	Protection of investment
72.	Mitchell is reviewing internal data and proposals from several agencies to determine the best course of action for implementing a major advertising campaign for his company. What is Mitchell analyzing? 
A.	Promotional needs 	 
B.	Operating schedule 	
C.	Financial status
D.	Human resources 
73.	Which of the following is a personal effort that would help an employee to reach a high level of efficiency:
A.	Working rapidly 	
B.	Following company policies  	
C.	Being organized
D.	Taking additional training
74.	Which of the following is a good beginning step in developing self-understanding:
A.	Putting what you know about yourself on paper
B.	Setting realistic career goals for yourself
C.	Observing the actions and interests of others
D.	Building on your strengths and weaknesses
75.	Which of the following is an example of a right that workers should expect to have in the workplace:
A.	Unlimited personal time 	 
B.	Flexible work schedule 	
C.	Freedom from discrimination
D.	Access to company information
76.	Young people often locate their first jobs in the community by responding to businesses that have
A.	conducted professional searches
B.	hired employment agencies
C.	advertised in trade journals
D.	posted help-wanted signs 
77.	Which of the following situations most likely provides an opportunity for an employee to receive a job promotion:
A.	One of three partners in a partnership leaves the business to go back to school.
B.	A manufacturer hires two temporary assembly-line workers during its busy season.
C.	A large company that is experiencing severe profit losses lays off 35 employees.
D.	An expanding company creates a new department to support a developing product line.
78.	In which of the following situations is an employee likely to be disciplined for NOT following company rules:
A.	Using production equipment without appropriate safety gear 
B.	Requesting time off to go to a doctor's appointment 
C.	Completing a small task before starting a complex report 
D.	Asking a coworker to take a telephone message 
79.	Which of the following statements is true regarding the rules of conduct in the workplace:
A.	Rules of conduct control the employees' behavior, but they don't affect the company's image. 
B.	Company rules provide a fair and consistent working environment for some of the employees. 
C.	Companies have the same rules of conduct, so it isn't necessary to explain them to employees. 
D.	The purpose of the rules of conduct is to guide employees' behavior in relation to their jobs. 
80.	Tiffany Evans is the purchasing manager of a janitorial supply company. Which of the following employees reports directly to Tiffany:
A.	Elizabeth Curtis, assistant buyer 
B.	Quinn Montgomery, accounts-receivable coordinator 
C.	Christopher Franklin, senior buyer 
D.	Logan Grear, shipping clerk 
81.	What type of organizational goal involves setting standards in relation to the target market's expectations?
A.	Financial 	 
B.	Employee 	
C.	Technology
D.	Consumer 
82.	How can all workers help their employers achieve their organizational goals?
A.	Develop a mission statement 	 
B.	Implement liberal spending habits 	
C.	Perform their jobs in efficient ways
D.	Delegate their workloads  
83.	What question should the purpose statement of a project's statement of work (SOW) answer?
A.	Who will carry out this project? 
B.	What is this project going to produce? 
C.	What materials do we need to do this project? 
D.	Why are we doing this project? 
84.	The primary purpose of developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects is to
A.	document the benefits of the project 
B.	organize the work in a logical sequence
C.	monitor human resources and supplies
D.	identify potential stakeholders
85.	What should project managers do to ensure that team members perform their designated tasks efficiently?
A.	Correct the team members' mistakes for them 
B.	Ask them to sign a contract 
C.	Communicate their roles and responsibilities to them 
D.	Establish benchmarks for each phase of the project 
86.	Jane said, “Troy, I think you are on the right track. Let's make the modification that you suggested, but do it before you enter the phase 2D data in the computer system.” What project-management activity is Jane performing?
A.	Providing feedback 	
B.	Resolving conflict 	
C.	Encouraging teamwork
D.	Assessing skills 
87.	During what phase of the project does the project manager release the project's equipment, supplies, and team members?
A.	Closing 	
B.	Implementation 
C.	Planning
D.	Definition 
88.	The Page-Turner Online Bookstore sent a questionnaire to its customers to determine how happy its customers are with its services. Customers' general responses indicated that the bookstore's lead and delivery times have improved a lot in the past three months. What aspect of quality has the bookstore evaluated? 
A.	Customization 	 
B.	Durability 	
C.	Safety
D.	Satisfaction 
89.	The Six Sigma quality management framework involves monitoring improvement processes by analyzing 
A.	employees' policies	 
B.	technology needs 	
C.	expansion plans
D.	quantitative information
90.	What step in the continuous improvement process will indicate if quality is increasing?
A.	Evaluation 	 
B.	Documentation 	
C.	Recommendation
D.	Implementation 
91.	Which of the following presents an ethical issue that may increase a business's level of risk:
A.	Striving to achieve higher sales than coworkers 
B.	Communicating business information to customers 
C.	Developing processes to test product durability 
D.	Hiring a family member who lacks necessary job skills 
92.	Using computer-data backup procedures on a regular basis reduces a company's level of risk because the process
A.	prevents hackers from accessing the computer system. 
B.	saves information when computer failures occur. 
C.	detects noncompliance issues. 
D.	allows employees to use many applications.  
93.	How do many professionals reduce their risks associated with client or patient lawsuits?
A.	Obtain professional liability insurance 	 
B.	Purchase disability insurance 	
C.	Sign vendor contracts  
D.	Develop non-compete contracts 
94.	What management function establishes a business's goals and objectives?
A.	Staffing 	 
B.	Organizing 	
C.	Planning
D.	Directing
95.	Which of the following are characteristics of tactical planning:
A.	Short-range and specific 	 
B.	Long-term and vague 	
C.	Short-range and vague
D.	Long-term and specific 
96.	In management, a primary organizing activity is 
A.	assigning responsibility	 
B.	hiring talented workers
C.	controlling external conditions
D.	evaluating job performance
97.	Melanie is showing a group of new employees how to perform work-related tasks. What staffing activity is Melanie performing?
A.	Interviewing 	 
B.	Recruiting 	
C.	Training
D.	Appraising 
98.	What directing activity involves rewarding employees with positive feedback and monetary incentives?
A.	Coordinating 	 
B.	Supervising 	
C.	Motivating
D.	Producing 
99.	What type of managerial control would a company use to measure the profitability of various products, territories, customer groups, distribution channels, and order sizes?
A.	Annual plan 	
B.	Profitability 	
C.	Strategic
D.	Efficiency
100.	A budget is a tool that a manager uses to control the business's  
A.	finances	
B.	productivity
C.	effectiveness
D.	information
