1. Before a business and a customer can enter into a valid contract, the offer to do something in return for payment must be
A. accepted. 
B. in writing.  
C. implied.
D. expressed.
2. Which of the following often is a characteristic of a governmental agency's relationship with businesses:
A. Promotional 
B. Regulatory 
C. Legislative
D. Managerial
3. Walt purchased stock based on false information from an online message board. The scammers who posted the information had purchased the stock and hyped it up on the Internet to encourage unsuspecting investors to buy it and drive up its price. After the price went up, the scammers sold off their stock. The price of the stock then fell, leaving Walt with worthless stock. Walt was the victim of
A. pump and dump.
B. a pyramid scheme. 
C. affinity fraud.
D. phishing.
4. Six months ago, Xander bought 500 shares of stock at $25 per share. Today, he sold all 500 shares for $48 per share. What type of tax is Xander obligated to pay as a result of this financial transaction?
A. Stock sales tax 
B. Luxury tax 
C. Excise tax 
D. Capital gains tax
5. The Frank and Fitzer Corporation pays federal and state income tax on its earnings. Its stockholders also pay taxes on any dividends that they receive from the company. Frank and Fitzer's earnings are subject to __________ taxation.
A. progressive 
B. proportional 
C. double 
D. regressive
6. What can a financial-services business do to ensure that it is following government regulations?
A. Conduct a compliance audit 
B. Improve technical systems
C. Develop a business plan
D. Monitor sales performance
7. Using technology applications to ensure compliance of financial information is beneficial to businesses because many of the applications can
A. correct human-resource problems.
B. evaluate compliance problems with data provided by competitors.
C. detect compliance inconsistencies across different jurisdictions.
D. improve product quality and satisfaction levels.
8. Which of the following potential compliance issues would temporal reasoning detect:
A. A travel-expense account has a credit balance at the end of an accounting period rather than a debit balance.
B. Purchase orders 2870 from Bryan Industries and 2870a from Bryant Industries are very similar.
C. A new customer recently placed an order that is three times larger than the average order.
D. Jack temporarily changed a vendor file so funds destined for the vendor would instead be diverted to his personal checking account.
9. Ramona's teacher is giving directions for the mid-term; but the two students sitting on either side of Ramona are whispering to each other, and it's hard for her to hear. Ramona focuses all of her attention on the teacher, so she doesn't miss anything important. Which of the following steps for following directions does this situation illustrate:
A. Eliminating distractions
B. Acknowledging directions verbally or nonverbally
C. Reaching concensus
D. Recommending alternatives
10. One reason that it is important to be very careful when using oral communication in business is that oral communication
A. may not be remembered accurately. 
B. should only be used for urgent messages. 
C. is generally not misunderstood.
D. is an informal communication method.
11. When organizing an oral presentation, you use cause-and-effect order to
A. arrange material into related subcategories. 
B. describe a problem and a plan for solving it. 
C. emphasize the relationship between events.
D. put items in time sequence.
12. A salesperson who is planning a business trip to meet with several customers in a different city might write letters of inquiry in order to
A. explain requirements. 
B. transmit information. 
C. develop goodwill.
D. request appointments.
13. The owner of Bob's Bargains has prepared a one-page report to inform the staff about current sales volume. This is an example of a(n) __________ report.
A. industry 
B. complex 
C. feasibility 
D. informal
14. Which of the following would be an effective way to communicate a job-related suggestion to your supervisor:
A. A letter of transmittal 
B. An office memorandum 
C. An executive summary 
D. A personal letter
15. What is one way that employees who routinely deal with customers can demonstrate a customer-service mindset?
A. Speak in a monotone 
B. Make eye contact 
C. Stand at attention 
D. Keep a straight face
16. In the past, customer relationship management was used mainly as a way to
A. assist business decision making. 
B. increase customer loyalty. 
C. track customer information.
D. help employees perform more efficiently.
17. Which of the following is typically an effective method to build trusting relationships with financial clients:
A. Contacting clients only when problems arise with their accounts
B. Using precise technical language when explaining financial products
C. Asking others in the organization to follow up after sales transactions
D. Explaining the benefits and drawbacks of different financial products
18. While Tobi is in the middle of an important meeting with some new clients, her assistant steps into the room to let Tobi know that her biggest customer, Mr. Williams, is on the phone with some questions about his account. It is 3:30 p.m. What should Tobi do?
A. Ask the new clients to take a break so that she can take the call immediately
B. Ask her assistant to inform Mr. Williams that Tobi will return his call at 5:00 p.m.
C. Ask her assistant to handle Mr. Williams' call and answer his questions
D. Invite the new clients out for dinner and call Mr. Williams in the morning
19. When a business wants to access data from a variety of sources to monitor customer trends over time, what form of computer technology should a business use?
A. Electronic data interchange 
B. Project management
C. Data warehousing
D. Systematic laddering
20. What role does utility play in the implementation of the marketing concept?
A. A payment method 
B. A satisfaction gauge 
C. A cost-saving tool 
D. A delivery process
21. One of the reasons that a country needs an economic system is because it
A. is independent of other nations. 
B. has limited wants and needs. 
C. has a limited supply of resources.
D. has immigrants from several countries.
22. To use resources wisely, business owners must reduce
A. wages. 
B. risk. 
C. reward.
D. waste.
23. Which of the following is an economic condition that affects consumer spending:
A. Competition 
B. Employment 
C. Depreciation 
D. Infrastructure
24. The component of the gross domestic product which includes the final market value of all goods and services purchased for their own use by individuals, families, and nonprofit organizations is
A. exports. 
B. personal consumption expenditures. 
C. gross private investment.
D. imports.
25. The biggest communication issue for businesses engaging in international trade is
A. language. 
B. corruption. 
C. power distance.
D. religion.
26. Expressing empathy and being willing to help others are the aspects of emotional intelligence that relate to
A. relationship management. 
B. self-management. 
C. social awareness.
D. self-awareness.
27. Which of the following is a characteristic of individuals who are self-confident:
A. Have positive thoughts 
B. Think they are always right 
C. Are aggressive with others 
D. Prefer to be in charge
28. Which of the following is an example of positive self-talk?
A. "I can do it!" 
B. “If I fail, I'll be embarrassed.” 
C. “I wish I were smarter.”
D. “My coworkers are so annoying.”
29. Behavior that is characterized by respect for personal rights as well as for the rights of others is __________ behavior.
A. aggressive 
B. passive
C. offensive
D. assertive
30. Which of the following is an indication that employees might be experiencing a lot of stress:
A. Being irritated when dealing with customers
B. Drinking one or two cups of coffee a day
C. Concentrating on doing the job correctly
D. Having occasional conversations with coworkers
31. Although executive coaching comes in many formats, the main condition for success is that the client
A. contacts the coach every week. 
B. meets with the coach in person. 
C. is open to learning.
D. becomes better at his/her job.
32. When people get along well together, they are practicing __________ human relations skills.
A. ineffective 
B. unrewarding 
C. effective 
D. questionable
33. The yen, peso, and euro are types of
A. dollars. 
B. bonds. 
C. stock.
D. money.
34. What type of loan requires collateral?
A. Note 
B. Unsecured 
C. Secured 
D. Signature
35. Businesses often save excess money because it has a positive effect on the business's
A. cash flow. 
B. interest rate. 
C. accounts receivable.
D. debt equity.
36. Compounding can be described as
A. avoiding inflation. 
B. earning interest upon interest. 
C. meeting financial needs.
D. risking the stock market.
37. The primary reason that people review their personal credit reports is to
A. change or update their credit ratings.
B. verify that the credit agencies have correct information.
C. ensure that they obtain bank loans.
D. eliminate the risk of identity theft.
38. Which type of investment institution helps firms to raise funds by issuing securities?
A. Securities exchange 
B. Investment company 
C. Pension fund 
D. Investment bank
39. What is the primary function of the foreign exchange market?
A. To trade currency 
B. To sell stocks 
C. To buy bonds 
D. To underwrite policies
40. Which of the following is not a factor contributing to financial convergence and consolidation:
A. Financial deregulation 
B. Technological advances 
C. Desire for illiquid assets 
D. Desire for lower costs
41. Stocks in which of the following industry sectors are least likely to be affected by changes in the business cycle:
A. Energy 
B. Healthcare 
C. Technology 
D. Capital goods
42. Stock market returns are a(n) ___________ economic indicator.
A. lagging 
B. leading 
C. coincident 
D. acyclic
43. Financial globalization tends to cause an increase in
A. herd behavior among investors.
B. investors' exposure to business cycle risks.
C. taxes on international transactions.
D. limits on foreigners' access to domestic markets.
44. What do some investors use to hedge the risk of investing in the foreign exchange market?
A. Derivatives 
B. Emerging markets 
C. Venture capital 
D. No-load funds
45. Which of the following is a type of financial-services provider:
A. Retirement community 
B. Stock market 
C. Taxation department 
D. Commercial bank
46. To obtain reliable information about securities, a potential investor might speak with a
A. colleague. 
B. trusted friend. 
C. stockbroker.
D. loan officer.
47. As Kelly reviewed her stock's performance level, she saw that the dividend per share was $1.80 and the closing price of the stock was $28.20 per share. What was the yield percentage for the stock?
A. 6.4 
B. 4.8 
C. 6.1
D. 4.6
48. It's a good idea for an investor to watch the numbers on a stock table
A. when dividends are paid. 
B. just for a given day. 
C. once a year.
D. over a period of time.
49. A florist expects monthly cash sales to be $5,300 and interest income to be $200. Total cost of goods will be $1,750, fixed expenses will be $2,150, and variable expenses will be $1,975. Calculate the cash flow.
A. -$325 
B. $600 
C. $650
D. -$375
50. Determining which projects a business should invest in is known as
A. the cash conversion cycle. 
B. return on capital. 
C. capital budgeting.
D. capital structuring.
51. Which of the following is a factor that might cause a business to adjust its budget figures:
A. Sales procedures 
B. Economic trends 
C. Local elections 
D. Operating policies
52. Effective financial-information management involves implementing processes that help companies
A. make appropriate business decisions. 
B. track their ongoing projects. 
C. interpret government regulations.
D. revise economic indicators.
53. What is an effective way for a business to reduce risks associated with the unethical manipulation of financial data?
A. Use auditing software applications 
B. Organize a network database 
C. Interview forensic accountants 
D. Limit financial transactions
54. By protecting financial information from tampering, loss, and unauthorized use, a financial-information management professional acts as a(n) __________ of that financial information.
A. agent 
B. interpreter 
C. analyst 
D. steward
55. How can businesses benefit from using a central data repository for its financial information?
A. They can obtain faster responses to queries.
B. They are able to overcome economies of scale.
C. They no longer have to generate consistent data.
D. They can rely on old data.
56. An internal database that contains relevant internal financial data in a central location supports a business's ability to
A. install security measures. 
B. monitor competitors. 
C. share information.
D. develop contracts.
57. In what stage of the data-mining process would you clean data in a database?
A. Exploration 
B. Model building and validation 
C. Prediction 
D. Deployment
58. After defining the research question, a financial business establishes a set of rules for placing the data in certain segments or groupings during the data-mining process. What data-mining approach is the financial business using?
A. Decision tree 
B. Rule induction 
C. Neural networking 
D. Fuzzy logic
59. Which of the following would a small business's budgeting applications most likely be able to do:
A. Determine the business's electronic data interchange (EDI) needs
B. Predict new services to offer customers
C. Show the business's cash-flow status
D. Identify equipment needing repairs
60. How could financial analysis applications be used to identify possible conflicts of interest?
A. By isolating entries against authorization records for new or terminated employees
B. By comparing employee phone numbers and addresses to vendor information for payables
C. By comparing vendor payables posted to purchase orders
D. By comparing yearly volume with on-hand quantity for stock item
61. Which of the following would be appropriate to use as a primary key for identification of customers at a financial institution:
A. Person's zip code 
B. Person's social security number 
C. Person's individual account number 
D. Person's first and last names
62. Which of the following statements regarding joins is true:
A. A self join combines rows that have equivalent values for specified columns.
B. An inner join returns only the rows of data that satisfy the join condition.
C. An outer join returns results from two or more tables where no exact joins of any sort are possible.
D. An equijoin returns rows satisfying the join condition, along with rows from one table that can't be joined with rows from the other table.
63. One reason why it is important for a business to accurately report its financial position is to provide
A. useful information to investors. 
B. summaries of economic indicators. 
C. industry forecasts to the media.
D. price quotations on securities.
64. Kendra is reviewing her company's cash flow statement to determine if she will have enough money coming into the business to cover her expenses next month. If she determines that she will experience a temporary cash inflow shortage, she will need to
A. calculate the cash dividends owed to stockholders.
B. analyze the depreciation rates of major business assets.
C. prepare the business's employees for staffing cuts.
D. take steps to obtain or save cash to cover her expenses.
65. What is the accounting system that businesses use to report financial transactions when they occur?
A. Accrual 
B. Cash 
C. Receivable 
D. Payable
66. Which of the following statements is true about accounting systems:
A. The financial accounting system focuses on segments of the company rather than the company as a whole.
B. The managerial accounting system is useful for planning and internal decision making.
C. The government requires all businesses to use the managerial accounting system.
D. The financial accounting system is used by external audiences, so reporting flexibility is an advantage to the business.
67. What type of financial information would indicate to a business that the demand for its products has been steadily decreasing?
A. Promotional budgets 
B. Accounts-payable records 
C. Expense reports 
D. Sales transactions
68. By reviewing a prospective customer's borrowing and repayment history, a business can determine if it should
A. charge sales tax.
B. provide the prospective customer with a high credit rating.
C. increase the prime lending rate.
D. offer credit to the prospective customer.
69. Capital City Auto Dealership is analyzing Francesca Martino's loan application for a new car. As a recent college graduate, Francesca has a steady job and earns a good income. She is currently living with her parents, has little debt, and maintains reasonable balances on her three credit cards. Because Francesca has never borrowed a large sum of money, the dealership is more likely to approve the loan if Francesca gets a(n)
A. letter of intent. 
B. incremental pay increase. 
C. reputable credit report.
D. qualified loan cosigner.
70. Mason is reviewing financial documents for his company to make sure that he hasn't forgotten to include important data or has not made any mistakes. The reason that Mason is reviewing these documents is to
A. verify that the information is correct.
B. determine if he needs to take out a short-term loan.
C. forecast the business's long-term finances.
D. identify the business's financial resources.
71. Orientation of a company's new employees usually takes place
A. the first day on the job. 
B. monthly during the first year. 
C. at management's convenience.
D. at the employee's convenience.
72. Which of the following is a way in which a business communicates with its target market:
A. Inventory 
B. Personal selling 
C. Operating procedures 
D. Budgeting
73. Which of the following involves obtaining and evaluating data for the purpose of helping businesses make long-term decisions:
A. Communications network 
B. Information management 
C. Organizational development 
D. Applied research
74. The Lee Company must pay a settlement to Smith Industries because Lee used Smith's logo on its web site and other printed materials without Smith's permission. The Lee Company has violated
A. trade-secret regulations. 
B. intellectual property laws. 
C. patent-registration codes.
D. local ordinances.
75. What type of software program allows businesspeople to combine graphics, transparencies, slides, and text for an on-screen display of information?
A. Publishing 
B. Application 
C. Operating 
D. Presentation
76. One of the reasons that businesses destroy some of their records is because the records are
A. not required by law. 
B. several years old. 
C. kept in storage.
D. no longer needed.
77. Which of the following is a business trend that involves supplementing a company's existing “brick and mortar” sales efforts and promotional activities with Internet technology:
A. Photographing products 
B. Posting web sites 
C. Printing advertisements 
D. Copying contracts
78. Environmental scanning is sometimes called environmental
A. management. 
B. analysis. 
C. planning.
D. protection.
79. Which of the following is a way that accidents are costly to employees:
A. Lost production 
B. Expensive repairs 
C. Lost income 
D. Decreased sales
80. Ben recently developed a logo for his new business. What can Ben do to legally protect the logo from unauthorized use?
A. Obtain a subpoena from the government 
B. Register the logo as copyrighted material 
C. File a patent request 
D. Trademark the logo
81. Which of the following is an example of an external financial resource that a business is likely to use to complete a major expansion project:
A. Owners 
B. Bank loan 
C. Employees 
D. Sales taxes
82. Which of the following is not a factor that businesses consider when determining if a project is "do-able":
A. What the project is exactly
B. How much money the stakeholders want to invest
C. How long you have to complete the project
D. What could happen with a similar project
83. Which of the following questions should be answered by the purchasing function:
A. How much merchandise should we buy?
B. How can we inform customers of available merchandise?
C. How will merchandise be shipped to us?
D. How can we protect merchandise from pilferage?
84. Which of the following employees are in a better position than others to help a business control expenses:
A. Stockers 
B. Designers 
C. Buyers 
D. Trainers
85. Betty is hard working, but she often comes to work in clothes that are spotted or wrinkled. Which of the following is the most likely reason why Betty has never been promoted?
A. Personal appearance 
B. Lack of skill 
C. Job attitude 
D. Interpersonal relationships
86. Ranking activities according to their importance is helpful in time management because it
A. ensures that you will meet project deadlines.
B. identifies the order in which activities should be done.
C. helps you to have a high level of self-confidence.
D. reduces the number of daily activities.
87. Individuals interested in obtaining a position with a governmental agency should check the
A. union job listings. 
B. school bulletin boards. 
C. civil service postings.
D. local telephone directories.
88. The basic purpose of writing a letter of application concerning a job opening is to
A. interest the employer in interviewing you.
B. describe your job skills in detail.
C. tell the employer how you found out about the job.
D. provide the employer with your complete work history.
89. Essential qualifications for working in the financial-services industry include all of the following except
A. good communication skills. 
B. mathematical and analytical skills. 
C. the ability to speak a foreign language.
D. the ability to work independently.
90. When a person has a transferable skill that an employer finds valuable, the skill is considered
A. dynamic. 
B. labor-intensive. 
C. marketable.
D. unusual.
91. Chartered Financial Analysts (CFAs) possess extensive knowledge of
A. insurance. 
B. banking services. 
C. securities and investments.
D. entrepreneurship.
92. Which of the following has proven to be an effective way to initiate a professional relationship with a vendor:
A. Treating the person to a round of golf 
B. Giving the vendor an expensive gift 
C. Having salespeople talk to the vendor 
D. Offering jobs to people on the vendor's staff
93. One way to build professional relationships in the finance industry is to
A. print new business cards for distribution. 
B. read about industry trends. 
C. encourage others to discuss their finances.
D. implement a referral system.
94. Michelle has acquired proof that her coworker Ted has been embezzling money from the company. If Michelle fails to inform her employer about Ted's activities, what will likely occur?
A. Ted will be charged with a felony.
B. The company's property insurance premium will increase.
C. The government will fine the company for noncompliance.
D. The company's financial risk will increase.
95. To manage potential risks resulting from unethical conduct, many companies build internal infrastructures that promote and enforce ethical practices. This internal infrastructure is likely to include appropriate audit procedures, a code of conduct, and a __________ policy.
A. whistleblower 
B. credit 
C. monetary 
D. constituent
96. Using computer-data backup procedures on a regular basis reduces a company's level of risk because the process
A. allows employees to use many applications.
B. prevents hackers from accessing the computer system.
C. detects noncompliance issues.
D. saves information when computer failures occur.
97. How do many professionals reduce their risks associated with client or patient lawsuits?
A. Obtain professional liability insurance 
B. Purchase disability insurance 
C. Sign vendor contracts 
D. Develop non-compete contracts
98. To control its risk of financial loss of business assets, such as buildings, equipment, and inventory, the CNP Company should
A. pay insurance premiums on a quarterly basis.
B. obtain adequate property insurance.
C. purchase additional disability insurance.
D. borrow funds to reduce the need for insurance.
99. The primary reason that firms must take steps to control their levels of business risk is to
A. increase their visibility in the market. 
B. reduce the chance of financial losses. 
C. contribute to the well-being of society.
D. increase their financial liability levels.
100. Planning, organizing, directing, and controlling the activities of an enterprise are part of the __________ function.
A. management 
B. promotion 
C. marketing 
D. production
