Corporation. A corporation is owned by stockholders who have purchased stock. By investing in a corporation, Mr. Brown will be one of the owners who will share in the profits of the business but will not be responsible for the day-to-day operations. A general partnership is an agreement in which all partners are liable for a business's losses. A sole proprietorship is a form of business ownership in which the business is owned by one person. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods or services.
Government publications. Government agencies and departments collect relevant information concerning many issues and publish the information in a written format. Therefore, government publications are a good source of relevant, valid written material that may be useful to businesses. For example, government agencies publish information about economic and employment trends that businesses use in the planning process. Internet chat rooms are sites on which individuals communicate with each other in real time and are not a source of relevant valid written material. Personal e-mails are messages to friends rather than a source of relevant, valid written material. Computer-generated memos do not necessarily contain relevant, valid written material.
Know when to speak. By interrupting her coach before s/he was finished giving directions, Jackie was ignoring the step of knowing when to speak. When listening to directions, try not to interrupt the person speaking. Wait until s/he seems finished with a thought before speaking or wait until all the directions have been given before you ask for clarification. In this situation, Jackie is not ignoring the tips to make eye contact, eliminate distractions, or take notes.
Let the speaker know that the message has been received and understood. Active listening is primarily about understanding a speaker's meaning, not about communicating your agreement or voicing your own opinion. Active listening can help to make boring lectures more interesting, but that is not its purpose.
Smiling. A smile conveys a positive message and reinforces good news. Poor posture sends the message that a person doesn't really care about what s/he is saying. Lack of eye contact sends a message that the speaker may not be telling the truth or may wish to be doing something else.
Socializing with close friends. Casual communication is generally used with family and friends and may include the use of slang. Slang is informal language mutually understood within a group. For example, you might refer to your friends as your “buds” (buddies) when speaking with your family. However, people outside your family and circle of friends may not understand what “bud” means. They might associate the word “bud” with a rose (bud) or leaf (bud). Formal communication is appropriate when meeting with a new customer, when interviewing for a job, or when you are being introduced to a new coworker. Formal communication involves using proper grammar and a respectful tone.
Unbiased. Ed believes that his idea is feasible, so he needs to persuade other group members that it is too. To do this effectively, Ed needs to present his reasons and information logically and objectively— without bias. Ed should present his reasons in a direct, unemotional way. If Ed is over-emotional or cynical, the group members may not take him seriously. And, if Ed presents the information in an understated or subtle way, the group members may not understand what Ed is trying to say.
Blurting out statements without thinking. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you should think about what you want to say before speaking. Make sure that you state accurate information facts and that you don't say something in a way that is offensive to others. You should communicate facts and express opinions when appropriate. You should talk about what's on your mind. And, you should pay attention when others are speaking.
Geographical map. Graphics typically add interest and make information easier to understand. Maps are often appropriate graphics to use when the topic at hand relates to geographical regions. Each region depicted on the map may be color-coded by the range of sales generated to support and clarify the sales data presented in a report. A flowchart presents a visual depiction of activities or processes in sequential order. An example of a flowchart is an organizational chart, which depicts the hierarchy of positions and departments within an organization. A Venn diagram indicates the overlapping relationships among finite sets of data.
Accomplishes its intended purpose. Written communications serve many purposes, and a test of whether a written communication was effective is whether it accomplished the purpose for which it was intended. Written communications do not need to contain a lot of information in order to be considered effective. Effective written communication takes time and effort and is not usually quick and easy to prepare. It should also be clear and should not require the reader to interpret its meaning or be open to any interpretation that the reader wants to give it.
Editing. Editing is the process of assessing the flow and clarity of written materials. Effective editing often involves reorganizing or shortening sentences, changing words, and correcting spelling and grammatical errors to improve the readability of the document. Researching is the process of gathering information for the report, which is done before the writing process begins. Organizing involves planning the order in which to present the information in the document. Formatting involves establishing the “mechanical” structure of the document, such using as block or indented paragraphs, page-number location, etc.
The attached document provides you with directions to our facility. Business-related e-mail messages should reflect a professional tone. A professional e-mail message should contain proper spelling and grammar (e.g., loook and two). The writer should avoid using acronyms that reflect an informal or text- messaging style, such as using “u” instead of “you.” Businesspeople should avoid using all capital letters in professional e-mails because the recipients might interpret them as angry messages.
Have a clear purpose. In order to write an effective business letter, the letter writer should first have a specific purpose for sending the letter. That purpose should be made clear in the letter so that the recipient does not have to guess the reason for the communication. A business letter is not intended to be entertaining or to display the writer's vocabulary. Instead, the vocabulary used should be appropriate to the recipient. If the letter contains questions, they should be direct.
Contact information, product model number, and manufacturer. A letter of inquiry is a request for information. The businessperson should provide the manufacturer of the equipment and the product's model number so the letter recipient knows which item to provide a price for. The letter writer should also include his/her contact information—e-mail address, telephone number, mailing address—so the message recipient knows to whom or where to send the requested information. The businessperson is asking for a price but not placing an order, so the business person would not provide a purchase order number. The vendor generates an invoice after the order has been placed. If the vendor provides quantity discounts, the businessperson may need to indicate the quantity desired to provide accurate prices.
Explain that you can't discuss it. In most companies, salary information is confidential and should not be discussed. Disclosing confidential information could cause an employee to be reprimanded or fired. Employees who work with such information should not answer questions about it or offer to provide it to others. It would be overreacting to report those who ask unless the questions are repeated and create problems.
Holding a short sales-staff meeting. Short meetings are a common way to communicate information about new products, sales promotions, and inventory issues. Retail employees tend to work in shifts at different times, so a short meeting is an ideal way to communicate store information to several employees at one time. Retail cashiers do not usually have access to a “work” e-mail account. Sending a memo to buyers and placing sales circulars in display racks are not effective ways to communicate up-to- date product information to the store's front-line employees.
Arguing. Business employees should never argue with other employees when participating in staff meetings. Arguing is not a productive activity and often causes hard feelings. Even if someone in the meeting tries to start an argument, it is not appropriate for employees to participate. The person leading the meeting should control the situation so arguments do not start or continue. When participating in staff meetings, employees usually talk and they often agree on issues and review important information.
Pleasant courtesy. Employees should treat all customers/clients with pleasant courtesy, no matter what the circumstances. This creates good relations with the customers/clients and a good image for the business. Not all customers/clients want immediate service or would appreciate employees' broad knowledge. Witty remarks are also not appropriate in all circumstances.
Departments. A knowledge of the location of various departments will enable the salesperson to assist customers with the greatest amount of efficiency. Products would not be kept in offices. Within a department, they may be stocked by size or color.
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs, and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients' trust, and persuade their clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware of actions that a particular client might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. Offensive behaviors can hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international clients.
Restating. Often, it is helpful for the employee to restate the customer's question to make sure that's what the customer actually asked. Writing down the question would only be done when the employee needed to obtain further information in order to answer the question. Employees who are trying to understand what a customer is asking would not refute or ignore the question.
Let the customer explain the problem. A complaint is an expression of dissatisfaction about a good, service, or policy. Customers who have complaints should have a chance to explain the problem without interruption. If the complaint is handled poorly, the customer may never return, but handling complaints effectively can build goodwill. The customer's comments should not be ignored, and the customer should not be made to feel that s/he is in the wrong. Handling complaints is the salesperson's responsibility, and a manager would only be called in as a last resort.
Consistent, knowledgeable, and helpful. Employees are one of many touch points for the business. Customers often base their impressions of a business—positive and negative—on the interactions they have with the business's employees. Employees who are consistently friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable each time they interact with customers are building favorable relationships. These favorable relationships encourage customer loyalty and repeat sales. Employees who are too aggressive or too passive are more likely to offend customers.
Non-economic wants. We don't have to spend money for everything that we want, e.g., to see a rainbow or talk to a friend. To satisfy economic wants, it is necessary to spend money. Goods are tangible objects. Consumer goods are tangible items that are used by an ultimate consumer to satisfy personal wants.
Inputs. Resources are items used to produce goods and services. Without resources, or inputs, there would be no outputs, or production. Revenues are income, some of which is usually from sales.
Technology. Advances in technology have led to a decrease in the supply of some products and has even eliminated the supply of others. Products such as the mimeograph machine and Commodore 64 are no longer made. Buying power, production methods, and elasticity have not eliminated the supply of certain products.
More wheat than corn. Because John can sell wheat at a higher price relative to corn, it would be a greater incentive for him to plant more wheat than corn because he will earn more profit. Planting an equal or lesser amount of wheat than corn will generate less profit if John can sell wheat at a higher price.
The community. By giving money to the schools, Dow is directly benefitting the students and teachers, and indirectly benefitting the students' parents, potential employers, and other community members. Although the students and community members may also be consumers of Dow's products, they are not being benefitted through the use of those products. Dow Chemical's employees, although they may be community members, are not being benefitted through their work. The company is not being socially responsible to itself, although it may benefit from the good publicity its actions generate.
Businesses. Businesses are organized efforts to produce and/or distribute goods and services. All businesses engage in specific activities that are part of the operation of that business. The primary activities in which all businesses are involved are information management, marketing, and financial analysis. Regardless of the type or size of business, those activities are essential. Economies are the systems in which people make and spend their incomes. Governments are each country's arrangement for making and enforcing laws. Societies are groups of individuals who share an environment.
Unequal distribution of income. One of the disadvantages of private enterprise is that poverty and income are not distributed equally. Limited government control, competition, and pricing system are all advantages of private enterprise.
Monopolistic competition. This is a type of market structure in which a lot of businesses sell similar products that have only a few differences. It is most commonly found in a private enterprise economy. Perfect competition rarely exists on a large scale. A regulated monopoly is a monopoly that government allows to exist legally under controlled conditions. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are relatively few sellers, and industry leaders usually determine prices.
Make a profit. Making a profit is the main goal of business. Profit is the monetary reward a business owner receives for taking the risk involved in investing in business. By providing the best products possible, business owners increase the likelihood of making a profit. Businesses also need to be socially responsible by helping to save the environment and by providing a safe working environment.
Cope with criticism. When self-esteem is well maintained, individuals can handle problems more easily, overcome the disappointments that are part of life, and cope with any criticism they may receive. Self- esteem cannot prevent feelings of anger from arising occasionally.
You can identify strengths you wish to possess. Observing a role model can help you assess strengths and weaknesses by identifying strengths you wish to possess. A role model isn't perfect, but s/he would not be an example of weaknesses. Assessing strengths and weaknesses is something you must do on your own. Sometimes it is helpful to ask a trusted friend to help you, but a role model's job isn't to tell you your strengths and weaknesses.
Enthusiastic. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. When people are positive and believe in themselves, they usually are enthusiastic and display great interest or excitement in what they do. Confident people have a good attitude and display that attitude by being enthusiastic. Individuals do not necessarily exhibit self-confidence by being creative, emotional, or reserved.
Asking questions. Few things are more indicative of genuine interest than asking relevant, appropriate questions. This lets speakers know that you have listened well and that you want to know more. Smiling, sitting or standing up straight, and appearing confident let speakers know that you are interested in what is being said, but these actions do not tell speakers that you want more information about their topic.
Go home, shower, change clothes, and get to work before his starting time. Bill's first responsibility is to his employer, and he should be properly prepared and punctual for work. If he does not go home, or doesn't allow enough time to shower and change, he may be offensive to customers and coworkers and/or be late for work.
Defeatist. Defeatists have very low opinions of, and lack confidence in, themselves and others. This general dissatisfaction tends to make them feel very frustrated and alienated. Consequently, they often behave in a rather hostile and immature manner. People who believe they are better than everyone else have a superior attitude. People with a positive attitude focus on the good side of things.
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure calmly, and it is an important part of self-control. None of the other alternatives would help you to endure life's aggravations and difficulties without getting upset. Independence is the ability to manage your own life. Ambition is the desire for success. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another's place.
Feedback. Feedback can come in several different forms. Internal feedback is self-evaluation; it can be negative or positive. Negative feedback involves criticism, indicating a needed change in behavior. Positive feedback involves praise, tending to reinforce present behavior.
Receptive. Employees must welcome and accept change rather than resisting it. An employee who is unwilling to change will not grow and develop into his/her full potential. Since many changes are beneficial, it is not necessary to try to be immune or protected from change.
Explaining that e-mail is monitored. Modern technology has created a variety of issues concerning employees' right to privacy in the workplace. One of these issues concerns a business's ability to monitor an employee's use of a computer which includes e-mail. A business that respects its employees' privacy will make sure that the employees know that their e-mail is monitored. By providing this information, the business is allowing employees to decide if they want to send or receive personal messages because someone in the business might read the mail. The employees can protect their privacy simply by not using company e-mail. Using easy-to-understand language, sending messages through the grapevine, or providing cross-cultural communication are not examples of providing information to employees in order to respect their privacy.
Self-understanding. You must be able to comprehend your own thoughts, attitudes, and actions before you can identify similar qualities in others and empathize with them. The alternatives would not necessarily limit self-understanding or perception of others.
Barriers to. There are barriers to being assertive even though being assertive is the way to go. For one, some people do not like conflict of any kind and avoid it at all costs. They are afraid that being assertive will ruin relationships. They do not want to appear to be aggressive so they do not stand up for themselves. Not liking conflict of any kind and avoiding it at all costs are not reasons for being assertive, methods of being assertive, or advantages of being assertive.
Frustration. A conflict is a disagreement. When people do not handle conflict appropriately, it can have negative (destructive) effects. Destructive conflict can cause frustration. In some situations, individuals may experience panic, shame, and depression, often over time, but frustration is the most common negative effect or response to conflict.
Committed to. Team members must believe in the team's goals and be committed to working toward achieving them. They may even have to set aside their personal goals temporarily in order to focus on the team's goals. Team members should not be curious about the team's goals but thoroughly familiar with them. They should not be indifferent to or undecided about the goals.
Deal with change. Adaptability is the ability to adjust or modify attitudes and/or behavior to new situations or circumstances. Changes and new situations are common in the workplace. When employees are adaptable, they are able to deal with change and even learn from new situations. This is a benefit because employees who are not adaptable may experience stress or not be able to be productive when faced with new situations. Being adaptable does not necessarily enable employees to manage their time, take the initiative, or avoid a conflict.
Persuasive. Change doesn't just happen on its own. To lead change, change leaders need to be persuasive—they must be able to get others within their organizations to see things their way, do things their way, or agree with them. Subtle and indifferent (uncaring) attitudes don't usually prompt resistant people to embrace change.
Patience. Patience is the ability to endure life's aggravations and difficulties calmly. A good coach is patient and persistent because the person being coached may not "catch on" quickly to the concepts that will help improve his/her performance. An effective coach understands this and doesn't get frustrated or give up. Aggression is feelings of anger and disrespect for others that may lead to aggressive behavior. Self-interest is giving priority to what benefits oneself. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, goods, or services.
Geographic origin. Andrea and Stephen differ in their geographic origins. This refers to the part of the world and the type of area from which a person comes, and it influences who they are. The two coworkers do not necessarily differ in race, language usage, or age.
Fiat. Fiat currency is money that doesn't have intrinsic value and is not backed by reserves. Fiat currency is only valuable as long as people have faith that it will continue to be used in the future. Electronic currency is money that exists only in electronic format. Commodity money is currency that is has value other than its value as money (for example, gold or silver). Mikael's $20 bill is just made of paper, which is essentially worthless on its own, so it is not commodity money. Specie is a term used for coins, and Mikael is using paper money.
Medium of exchange. A medium of exchange is something of value that can be used to obtain goods and services. The most common form is money. Money is what individuals, businesses, and governments use to buy what they need and pay expenses. Money is the thing of value. It is not a system of cash, a method of investment, or a process of accounting.
Installment. Installment credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars. An installment credit account is set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Also, it usually requires a down payment. Revolving credit accounts limit the total amount of money that may be owed and charge interest on outstanding balances. Regular credit accounts allow credit users to buy at any time during a set period. Budget accounts are a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods.
To meet future financial needs. There are many types of life insurance available to meet an individual's future financial needs. Some types of life insurance have cash value and can be redeemed at the end of the payment period. Other types are intended to make a lump sum payment to beneficiaries upon an individual's death. Many people decide what their financial needs or goals are in the future, and then invest in the types of life insurance policies that will meet those needs. Disability insurance, rather than life insurance, provides income to those who become disabled. Certain types of health insurance will pay for private health care. Individuals name their beneficiaries when purchasing life insurance policies, but that is not why they invest in those policies.
Set her financial goals. Valerie should first figure out what amount she would like to have at her disposal in the short-term, say next year, and then in the long-term, or about five years from now. Then she should look at her income, expenses, and debt payments to figure out where she can afford to decrease her spending in order to reach her financial goals.
$125.00. Her net pay is what she actually receives after withholdings for federal, state and local income taxes and government programs. Her gross pay is $150.00, which is not the amount she will receive. $275.00 could be found by adding the gross pay to the net pay, but this number is meaningless. $25.00 could be found by subtracting her net pay from her gross pay, and would be the amount of her withholdings.
The payee's name. The payee is the party to whom the check is made payable. That information, along with the date, check amount, and payer's signature, has to be filled out on checks. The payer can choose to record the purpose for which the check is being written. The check itself is imprinted with the name of the payer's bank, the payer's bank account number, the check number, and the bank's routing number. The payer's credit account number would only be needed if the payer wrote a check to his/her credit-card company. The payee's bank name does not appear on a payer's check. The payer's credit score is irrelevant to check writing.
DEP. When entering a transaction in your checkbook register, you should describe the transaction, record the transaction date, indicate the amount of the debit or credit, and use a code or number to identify the transaction type. Deposits to your account (such as biweekly pay) are marked with a “D” or “DEP.” Debit card transactions are coded “DC.” Transfers between your accounts are marked “T.” ATM withdrawals, of course, are coded “ATM.” When entering a check that you have written, you should record the check number.
Identify the items you have compared. When reconciling a bank statement, you use checkmarks to identify the items you have compared. Compared items include amounts on the bank statement, check stubs, canceled checks, deposit slips, and the check register. Checkmarks are not used to correct missed deposits, void ruined checks, or total the interest received.
Monitor your credit and bank accounts continuously. By reviewing your credit-card statements and your bank accounts on a regular basis, you are more likely to detect credit purchases or bank withdrawals that you did not make. If unauthorized transactions have occurred, you can quickly close accounts to stop identity thieves from accessing your accounts. Other things you can do to protect yourself from identity theft is to use different passwords for each of your online accounts, and use secure websites when paying bills and shopping online. Not all online sites are secure. You should use the same caution with your debit card as you do with your credit accounts and other bank accounts.
Refund. Because Kate had too much income tax taken out of her wages, she is eligible for a tax refund check, which is issued by the government upon receipt of Kate's completed tax return. The government does not issue a deduction, due bill, or reference when income tax is overpaid.
Fee structure. Financial-services providers are compensated in different ways. Therefore, it is important to consider the fee structure when selecting a financial-services provider to make sure the fee is affordable. Some providers may charge a flat fee while others may charge based on number and size of transactions. Some may charge for consulting time or for gathering information. Office location, tax status, and gross income are not important considerations when selecting a financial-services provider.
Stock mutual funds. Stock mutual funds are ownership investments that allow access to an "expert" manager—called a fund manager. Collecting popular items may or may not involve a manager. You can collect on your own, if you want to. The same with purchasing real estate: You are not given access to any "expert," in particular. And, stock purchases do not provide an "expert" to help you.
Bookkeeping records business transactions. Bookkeeping records the financial information from such business activities as sales, purchases, or returns. It involves analyzing financial transactions, journalizing transactions, posting to ledgers, and balancing the books. Much of bookkeeping today is done on computers.
Obtaining funds. Finance is the process of obtaining funds and using them to achieve the goals of the business. All businesses need funds to operate, so decisions about obtaining funds are very important. Businesses decide if it is necessary to borrow money, increase prices to generate more income, or take other actions to obtain funds. The role of finance in business does not involve paying employees, buying supplies, or monitoring expenses. However, finance is involved in obtaining the funds necessary to pay employees and buy supplies. Accounting activities involve gathering data (e.g., expenses) and preparing financial reports. The finance function analyzes financial reports to make financial decisions about the business.
Job satisfaction. Employees who go through orientation programs usually have greater job satisfaction because they are comfortable with their work environment and understand what is expected of them. Many businesses have extensive orientation programs designed to familiarize new employees with their jobs, coworkers, and aspects of the business. Orienting new employees helps them to better understand the business and to more effectively perform their assignments. Labor agreements are the result of negotiations between labor and management. Employee orientation does not increase competition. Increased compensation is an employee benefit but not a direct result of orientation.
Selling. This is a marketing function which involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities. Determining an appropriate price range of products to show customers is part of the selling function. Pricing is a marketing function which involves determining and adjusting prices to maximize return and meet customers' perceptions of value. Distribution is a marketing function which is responsible for the moving, storing, locating, and/or transferring ownership of goods or services. Marketing-information management involves gathering, accessing, synthesizing, evaluating, and disseminating information for use in making business decisions.
To make it accessible. Businesses obtain a wide variety of information that often can be used for many purposes. Therefore, it is important to store the information for future use so it will be accessible when needed. For example, information about current customers might be used to develop procedures for attracting new customers in the future. If the information has not been stored so it is accessible, the business will need to obtain other types of information. Businesses do not need to store information to to establish quality control. Storing information does not ensure that data is accurate nor does it ensure that the information remains confidential.
A disaster. Managing information for business continuity is important in case of a disaster. A disaster might be manmade, such as a building fire, or it might be an act of nature, such as a tornado or a flood. No matter what, though, companies must ensure that business can still run smoothly and that employees can still access the information they need. High employee turnover, low sales volume, and a drop in stock price are not occurrences that would disrupt information management.
Telecommuting. When Phil works from home or any remote location, he is telecommuting. Technology makes this possible. Information gathering refers to finding data for decision making or communication. Networking refers to connecting a group of computers to one main server. Collaborating means working together in cooperation with others.
Hardware. These are the physical components of a computer system that are necessary for the system to function. They include the central processing unit, hard drive, modem, monitor, keyboard, etc. Monitors, keyboards, and hard drives are not examples of computer networks, language, or standards. Servers involve the use of software programs to link multiple computers to other programs. A dashboard allows computer users to view various types of information (widgets) in a single computer window or screen.
Subject. When an employee composes an e-mail message, s/he places information in several fields of the message template before it goes to the message receiver. The "subject" field is an area in which the sender describes the topic of the e-mail message. The "subject" field immediately advises the message receiver about the type of information that the message contains. The message sender clicks the "send" button when s/he wants to transmit the e-mail message to the intended receiver. The message sender places the message receiver's e-mail address in the "to" field. When the receiver wants to respond to the e-mail sender's message, s/he clicks on the "reply" button.
Time-management tool. Many employees keep track of their activities and organize their daily schedules by using an electronic planning device. This device is a time-management tool because it allows employees to plan their activities to be the most productive. Employees can enter information about future projects, deadlines, meetings, etc., and plan the best use of remaining time. An electronic planning device is not an example of a communication system, a web-based program, or a presentation application.
Use more words for descriptors or a more precise keyword. Unless the search engine will only allow one word to be used, it is better to use exact wording to get to the site that has the needed information. For example, using "retail" as a keyword would very likely net several hundred or thousand sites, but if "grocery AND retailing AND Texas" is used, the search will be narrowed down tremendously. Opening all 578 responses is not practical. Starting at #578 is not effective because many search engines list the most popular sites related to the keyword first. Going to another search engine will probably net about the same number of results.
Combining animation and sound. Presentation software programs give the user the capability of presenting information by combining graphics, text, animation, photographs, and sound. Presentation software can be used to create slide programs, overhead transparencies, multimedia presentations, etc. This software enables users to develop visual presentations that are lively, colorful, and appealing to viewers. Presentation software programs are not used to connect several computers, copy and print documents, or calculate mathematical data.
To maintain client lists. One use of a computer database is to store information about the business's customers. A database allows a business to add and update information and to organize it in many different ways. For example, a business might organize its client list according to the amount of money each customer spends, by zip code, or by location. The business can rearrange this information at any time by a simple click on a computer key. Databases are not used to transmit documents, communicate with vendors, or to monitor economic trends.
Spreadsheet. Businesses use spreadsheet software to perform mathematical calculations quickly and accurately. One of the advantages of using spreadsheet software is that it is possible to do "what if" calculations. For example, a business might enter different rates to determine the effect that those rates would have on profit. The business can experiment with different rates before deciding which rate will be most appealing to customers and still generate the desired profit. Database software is used to arrange and sort information. Desktop publishing and presentation software are used for visual presentations.
Integrated software. Integrated software applications consist of two or more related computer programs that work together to record information or perform specific business tasks or functions. Accounting involves keeping and interpreting financial records. Because accounts payable, accounts receivable, and general ledger applications are related or interdependent accounting activities, the company should purchase an integrated accounting software package. Marketing intelligence involves obtaining and analyzing information about the target market. Engineers use engineering design software to develop various products and structures. Customer identification and preferences are often elements of customer- relationship management integrated software.
Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access and make changes to the company production schedule from their home computers. Groupware applications allow employees to access the same information from different locations. Because Kelli, Juan, and Phil can access the company's production schedule from their home computers, they are using groupware. There is not enough information provided to determine if the other groups can access presentation software programs, spreadsheet reports, and desktop publishing software through groupware applications, such as company intranets.
Safety regulations. Employees have the right to work in a safe environment. To ensure that businesses protect this right, the government regulates certain business activities. For example, the government might require businesses to inspect dangerous equipment at certain intervals to ensure that they are operating correctly. Equipment that is not maintained properly is more likely to break and cause injuries to the employees who operate it. Privacy laws address consumers' right to privacy. Conservation ordinances are local regulations that address environmental issues. An organization's health policies are internal rules and guidelines, which may or may not be influenced by government regulations.
Preventive maintenance. Preventive maintenance keeps equipment working and potentially expands the life of the equipment. It “prevents” breakdowns. Installation puts equipment into use. Safety precautions are methods of using equipment to ensure the safety of workers. Corrective maintenance is done to repair a specific problem.
To protect themselves and the business. Maintaining safety in the workplace is a way employees can help manage risk for the business and for themselves. A safe workplace reduces the possibility of financial loss to the business and bodily injury to workers. Maintaining safety can help to increase productivity and reduce absenteeism because fewer workers are likely to be off the job due to injuries. Workers who are safety conscious should receive the approval of management, but that is not the main purpose of being concerned about safety.
Good health habits. Practicing good health habits helps reduce the risk of carelessness, which commonly causes workers to make errors that result in accidents. People who eat a balanced diet, get plenty of sleep, and exercise regularly are more rested, alert, and able to concentrate on their work. Practicing first-aid techniques, emergency methods, and security procedures will not help employees to prevent accidents, but they should be trained in those areas in order to properly deal with accidents once they have occurred.
Point-of-sale. Point-of-sale fraud attempts to cheat a business out of money at the time of purchase. It may involve cash, checks, or credit cards. In this situation, Jerry has cheated the business out of $55 ($130 - $75 = $55) and reduced its profits on this sale. Price-ticket switching is a type of fraud in which a higher priced ticket is removed from merchandise and replaced by a lower priced ticket. Record-keeping fraud is carried out by employees who alter financial records, divert money, or commit other types of fraud. Inventory fraud involves activities such as altering the information on inventory lists.
Obtain quantity discounts. Buyers can use several types of buying strategies. A concentrated strategy utilizes only a few suppliers in the hope of gaining quantity discounts, lower transportation costs, and improved vendor relationships. A buyer has a better chance of negotiating a discount with a vendor if the buyer purchases large quantities of goods at one time. Using only a few suppliers means that a buyer will purchase more from each one than if the buyer purchased goods from many suppliers. A buyer who uses many suppliers encourages vendor competition and may be able to acquire a greater variety of goods and gain an increased selection.
Perpetual inventory. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously updated. Updates can be done manually or by computer. Businesses often track their office supplies to make sure that they have enough items on hand to run smoothly. Inventory shrinkage is a loss of inventory due to shoplifting, employee theft, breakage, misplacement, or poor recordkeeping. Physical inventory is the process of counting each item that is available for use. Inventory keeping is a fictitious term.
Production. Production is the creation of a good or service. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. Any organization that produces or is involved in the distribution of products from the producer to the consumer is a business. Financing determines the need for and availability of financial resources to aid in marketing activities.
Praise. When you work in an efficient, effective manner, you are more likely to receive such rewards as praise, raises, and promotions. A response to orderly behavior that is critical or indifferent may damage employee morale. Favoritism should be avoided since it gives an employee an unfair advantage over other employees.
To earn a college degree. An objective is a goal, and a long-term goal is one that will take a year or more to reach. Most college degrees require at least two years of study. Learning to ride a motor bike, reading a book a week, and buying a new outfit would be short-term goals.
Respect the opinions of others. Because of the diverse nature of the workplace, people from many different backgrounds and cultures often work together. These people frequently have different beliefs and opinions. Consequently, employees need to recognize that different people have different opinions and that those opinions should be respected. Employees will be better able to solve problems if they respect the opinions of others and try to find acceptable compromises. Taking sides in a conflict often divides the work force and creates additional problems. The nature of problem solving involves compromise rather than standing firm. Aggression is never the way to solve a problem.
Select an appropriate career. Self-understanding is comprehending one's personal abilities, interests, values, attitudes, and personality traits, and recognizing their effects on one's behavior. Since selecting a career involves determining how much satisfaction can be obtained in an occupation and comparing that information to individual needs, self-understanding is a major advantage in making this important decision. It is a trait that effectively controls one's own behavior, not the lives of others. Success is not ensured through self-understanding, but it may be assisted. Self-understanding helps to identify unmet needs which could lead to satisfying them.
Health conditions. A safe working environment includes safe health conditions. Workers have a right to expect that the physical facility in which they work will be healthy and not contribute to illness. The work area should be well ventilated and have sufficient light. Proper health conditions also include allowing rest breaks and time for meals. A safe working environment does not include medical benefits and sick- leave policies. Some larger businesses have on-site exercise facilities, but employees cannot expect all businesses to provide such facilities.
Civil service office. Information about careers with government agencies is available at civil service offices, which are responsible for hiring people for many of the positions in government. Civil service offices maintain lists of current jobs available, provide information about the job requirements, and administer tests to applicants. For example, a state civil service office would have information about all jobs currently available within all state agencies. National labor unions, local trade associations, and chambers of commerce do not have information about careers in government.
Customer service representative. There are many employment opportunities in the marketing segment of business. Marketing is an organizational function and a set of processes for creating, communicating, and delivering value to customers, and for managing customer relationships in ways that benefit the organization and its stakeholders. As a result, customer service is an important part of marketing. Individuals who want to pursue a career in marketing often obtain entry-level positions as customer service representatives. This position gives them experience in working with customers and learning the business's product. Then, they often have the opportunity to move up in the marketing department. Junior bookkeeper, apprentice plant manager, and assistant office supervisor are not entry-level positions in marketing.
Left for a better job. When providing information about previous jobs, you should present a positive picture of yourself and your former employers. Avoid saying anything that puts you or a former employer in a negative light. Therefore, comments such as "unable to get along with supervisor," "unfair supervisor," and "unpleasant working environment" should be avoided. Telling a potential employer that you left to find a better job says nothing negative about your abilities or those of former employers.
Ask questions. Asking questions is an important part of the interview process. The interviewer will ask questions of the applicant, but the applicant also is usually given the opportunity to ask questions. Interviewees should be prepared to ask questions that indicate their interest in the business and in the job. Possible questions include asking about advancement opportunities, if additional training is provided, or when a decision will be made about filling the job. Some businesses require applicants to take tests before they are invited to interview. In most cases, applicants will not meet coworkers during the employment interview. Résumés are prepared and submitted in order to apply for a position and obtain a job interview.
Yes, the worker can write if s/he has heard about a job opening. In some cases, a worker looking for a job will hear about a job opening from some other source than a job advertisement. It is acceptable for the worker to write a letter stating that s/he has heard of an opening and asking to be considered for the position. In some cases, this results in an interview and a job. Most companies do not discard such letters but keep them on file in case of future need. It would not be appropriate or practical to send letters to all businesses in the industry.
E-mail address. Today, many job applications are completed online and résumés are sent electronically. Also, many businesses communicate electronically with potential employees. Therefore, if individuals have an e-mail address, they include the address in the personal information section of their résumé to make it easy for the business to contact them. Information about a previous employer appears in the references section. It is not appropriate to include information about marital status. Information about volunteer experience appears in the work experience section.
Work in a specific industry. Trade associations often provide continuing educational options for workers who want or need to expand their skills and knowledge in a specific industry, such as plumbing or building. As technology evolves, workers often need to attend classes, seminars, and workshops to keep up with the changes in their industry. Some trade associations offer management training classes, but not all workers need or want these types of skills. Workers who want to obtain a graduate degree need to attend a college or university that offers graduate-level programs. People who are near retirement are unlikely to attend continuing education classes or professional development seminars and workshops.
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. It includes identifying the jobs to be performed, assigning responsibility for them, establishing departments to handle the jobs, and determining how many and which employees managers will supervise. Planning involves deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Staffing involves finding workers for the business. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort.

































































































