1.	Which of the following are examples of intellectual property that a business can protect by registering trademarks:
A.   	Creative formulas and ideas	
B.   	Original novels and movies	
C.  	New products and processes
D.  	Distinctive names and symbols
2.  	The goal of many governmental agencies is to protect the
A.   	rights of business.	
B.   	barriers to trade.	
C. 	 target market.
D.  	monetary policy.
3.  	What is one way businesspeople can improve their active listening skills?
A.   	Controlling the conversation by monitoring their own nonverbal language
B.   	Thinking about how to respond to the speaker's message
C.  	Concentrating on remembering what the speaker says
D.  	Paying more attention to the speaker's nonverbal cues than to her/his tone of voice
4.  	Is it a legitimate response to a customer's inquiry for an employee to say that s/he doesn't know the answer to a customer's question?
A.   	Yes, if the employee advises the customer that s/he will get the information and will respond to the customer as soon as possible.
B.   	Yes, if the employee doesn't know the answer to the customer's question, then the customer will find another employee to provide the information.
C.  	No. Customers do not respect employees who cannot answer simple questions, so it is better to provide them with an educated guess.
D.  	No. It is the employee's responsibility to learn every aspect of the business and to be able to answer every question.
5.  	Identify the type of appeal used in the following persuasive message: "This new book is written by Dr. Juliet Browne, who holds a doctorate from the Harvard School of Medicine and is the Chair of the World Health Organization."
A.   	Credibility	
B.   	Reason	
C.  	Emotions
D.  	Shock value
6.  	What should the first section of an executive summary contain?
A.   	An acknowledgement of the report's sponsors
B.   	A recommended course of action
C.  	A letter of authorization
D.  	A statement of the report's purpose
7.  	Sharon is sending a short email progress report to the three team members she meets with regularly. What writing style is most appropriate for this type of report?
A.   	Formal, because a title page and executive summary are used in all forms of business writing to clearly convey a message
B.   	Formal, because this is a business-related email and all emails about the workplace should be formally written
C.  	Informal, because a progress report is typically viewed by persons outside the organization
D. 	Informal, because she knows the team members well and addresses them informally on a day- to-day basis
8.  	When the audience wants to know which course of action to take, the writer of an analytical report should focus on
A.   	logical arguments.	
B.   	recommendations.	
C.  	progress.
D.  	external factors.
9.  	At the beginning of a research report, the writer should include the
A.   	solution to the problem.	
B.   	purpose of the study.	
C.  	appendices.
D.  	bibliography.
10.  	What information should employees avoid sharing with their coworkers?
A.  	Organizational tips	
B.   	Current salary	
C.  	Sales policies
D.  	Vacation plans
11.  	Learning a client's name and using it when greeting the client is a technique that promotes positive relations.
A.  	customer	
B.   	management	
C.  	employer
D.  	employee
12.  	One way that many businesses reinforce their service orientation through communication is by
A.   	sending a directive memo.	
B.   	distributing financial reports.	
C.  	telling their customers the truth.
D.  	writing appealing news releases.
13.  	What kind of utility is created when a customer purchases a new television set?
A.   	Time	
B.   	Possession
C.	Place
D.	Form
14. 	 Manufacturers try to produce goods in response to
A.   	producer demand.	
B.   	product utility.	
C.  	consumer demand.
D.  	environmental factors.
15. 	Businesses can exhibit social responsibility by
A.   	maximizing their profits.	
B.   	paying income taxes.	
C.  	giving political donations.
D.  	producing low-priced products.
16.  	Which of the following is most likely to be a result of competition:
A.   	Reduction in product quality	
B.   	Development of new products	
C.  	High prices
D.  	More monopolies
17.  	Businesses' profits are at a 30-year low, but consumer savings are at an all-time high. For more than a year, unemployment has also been at record levels. What is the state of the economy?
A.   	Expansion	
B.   	Depression	
C.  	Recession
D.  	Recovery
18. 	 Apple produces its MacIntosh computers in China. In calculating GDP, these computers would be part of
A.   	community revitalization.	
B.   	the GDP for China.	
C.  	the GDP for the U.S.
D.	government purchases.
19.  	The United States' business culture tends to embrace self-reliance and personal accomplishment, which are characteristics of
A.   	an individualist society.	
B.   	the concept of collectivism.	
C.  	a long-term orientation.
D.  	a team-oriented mindset.
20.  	Mr. Fox, a Canadian business owner, wanted to buy franchise rights to Frau Dietrich's Strudel chain, which is headquartered in Hanover, Germany. Mr. Fox was late arriving for the meeting, which is very insulting to Germans. Unfortunately, Mr. Fox did not get the deal because he failed to recognize the importance of  	to German businesspeople.
A.   	time	
B.   	space	
C.  	achievement
D.  	education
21.  	To make a good impression and communicate an attitude of success and professionalism, foreign businesspeople should wear well-made, conservative suits when they attend Argentine business meetings. This is an issue related to
A.   	business management style.
B.   	gestures and problem solving.	
C.  	proper table manners.
D.  	appropriate personal appearance.
22.  	Kevin is a Scottish businessperson who wanted to learn some key Japanese phrases to use during his meeting with Mr. Suzuki, the owner of an electronics company in Tokyo. When he greeted Mr. Suzuki for the first time, Kevin wanted to say in Japanese, "Hello, Mr. Suzuki. I am honored to meet you." But instead, Kevin bowed, smiled, and said in Japanese, "Hello, Mr. Suzuki. I would like you to kick me." Of course, Mr. Suzuki was confused and didn't know how to respond. This situation is an example of a problem that relates to
A.   	attitudes toward change.	
B.   	nonverbal cues.	
C.  	differences in work ethic.
D.  	language barriers.
23.  	Although gift-giving practices often help establish positive Chinese business relationships, foreigners should avoid giving Chinese businesspeople expensive gifts, which others may perceive as
A.   	Insincere.	
B.   	bribery.	
C.  	industrious.
D.  	collaboration.
24.  	In many Middle-Eastern countries, showing the bottom of your shoe or foot is an offensive gesture, so it is important for foreign businesspeople to
A.   	dress appropriately for the occasion.	
B.  	 monitor their behavior.
C. 	 verify language translations.
D.  	understand the importance of punctuality.
25.  	When Andrea learned that her work team was meeting with a group of Saudi Arabian businesspeople, she researched the culture and discovered that Saudi Arabian woman do not participate in business activities. She also read some articles that contained tips to ensure that she dressed appropriately and did not do anything to offend the Saudi Arabian men during the meeting. This situation illustrates a cultural difference related to
A.  	cognitive intelligence.	
B.   	age.
C.  	negotiation style.
D.  	gender.
26.  	A responsible person who accepts a job with a company is giving the business a
A.   	proposal.	
B.   	challenge.	
C.  	promise.
D. 	 guarantee.
27.  	Which of the following is an example of an employee who is accepting responsibility for his/her actions: 
A.   	Pete informed the team leader that Brenda's carelessness, rather than his own, was the reason
for the inconsistencies in the group's project report.
B.   	Cynthia admitted to her supervisor about the billing mistake that she made on the Andrew's account.
C. 	Emily realized that she forgot to lock the warehouse door on the night that the equipment was stolen, and she didn't tell anyone.
D.  	Larry decided that he would require Bob to make the decision, so Bob would be blamed if something went wrong.
28.  	Planning ahead and estimating the time it will take to complete your tasks will help you to
A.   	learn how to procrastinate.
B.   	manage your work commitments effectively. 
C.  	improve your technical skills.
D.  	reduce your workload.
29.  	Two salespeople show little interest in their own activities as well as the activities of others. What type of attitude is being exhibited by the salespeople?
A.  	 Positive	
B.   	Constructive	
C.  	Indifferent
D.  	Pessimistic
30.  	The main reason many individuals resist change is
A.   	self-confidence.	
B.   	decisiveness.	
C.  	discipline.
D.  	fear.
31.  	We all have the right to express ourselves as long as we do not  	others' rights.
A.   	respect	
B.   	violate	
C.  	support
D.  	influence
32.  	Consensus building creates high-quality solutions because
A.   	everyone has a unique perspective.	
B.   	only a few ideas are considered.	
C. 	it is very time-consuming.
D.  	some people have more power than others.
33.  	Taking responsibility for your team's success or failure in achieving the vision is part of a team leader's
A.   	establishing good working relationships.	
B.   	being an example.	
C.  	being enthusiastic.
D.  	being a good listener.
34.  	Persons who are conceited and domineering because they feel they are better than others have a(n) attitude.
A.   	defeatist	
B.   	mature	
C.  	inferior
D.  	superior
35.  	Many people pay for meals and lodging on credit through a(n)
A.   	unsecured loan.	
B.   	installment credit account.	
C.  	budget credit account.
D.  	travel and entertainment card.
36.  	Lyla is applying for a loan to buy a house for the first time. Which of the following should she be certain to do when applying for the loan:
A.   	Read all paperwork carefully	
B.   	Overstate her assets	
C.  	Sign blank documents
D.  	Inaccurately report her debts
37.  	Jane can determine her credit rating by
A.   	obtaining a report from a credit bureau.	
B.   	adding together her credit-card balances.	
C.  	asking her employer for the information.
D.  	applying for an account with a credit union.
38. 	 A decrease in the availability of raw materials is an economic risk that may result in ____________ for a business.
A.  	high interest rates	
B.   	Increased regulation	
C.  	financial loss
D.  	lower turnover
39.  	Why would a business's stockholders be interested in the business's accounting records?
A.   	To know when to send in their next dividend
B.   	To find out what benefits employees receive
C.  	To find out whether the business plans changes
D.  	To know whether they have made a good investment
40.  	Which of the following is a characteristic of a profit-and-loss statement: 
A.   	Shows the owner's financial position
B.   	Is the same as a balance sheet
C.  	Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales
D.  	Lists assets and liabilities
41.  	Which of the following is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow: 
A.   	Accounts receivable	
B.   	Return on capital	
C.  	Capital structure
D.  	Accounts payable
42.  	Which of the following is an example of helpful, printed information that businesses often give new employees during orientation:
A.   	Company handbook	
B.   	Annual report	
C.  	Application form
D.  	Promotional brochure
43.  	During an executive staff meeting, the company's president stated, “Samari Enterprises experienced a three percent increase during the first quarter and a five percent increase during the second quarter of this fiscal year.” The company's president is providing the group with
A.   	speculation.	
B.   	tacit knowledge.	
C.  	personal opinion.
D.  	explicit knowledge.
44.  	Because Bob was angry that Laurie received the promotion that he wanted, Bob decided not to tell her about a procedure that he uses to bypass a specific problem with a computer program—a step that would save Laurie and other employees a lot of time. This is an ethical issue that is related to
A.   	misleading facts.	
B.   	unlawful behavior.	
C.  	embezzlement.
D.  	withholding information.
45.  	Which of the following is an effective technological tool for businesspeople to use to share explicit knowledge simultaneously with coworkers who are in different geographic locations:
A.   	Filters	
B.   	Webcam	
C.  	Hyperlinks
D.  	Kiosk
46. 	What is a Web-based tool that a business can use that provides its employees with the ability to share tacit knowledge from remote locations?
A.   	Codification	
B.   	Wiki	
C.  	Spreadsheet
D.  	Intranet
47.  	To reduce the risk of employees sharing trade secrets with industry rivals, businesses might require their employees to
A.   	sign a nondisclosure agreement.	
B.   	develop a mission statement.	
C.  	analyze annual financial reports.
D.  	complete standard personnel forms.
48. 	A manager watches an employee perform a work activity and writes notes that describe the process. This is an example of capturing knowledge by
A.   	interrogation.	
B.   	rationalization.	
C.  	observation.
D.  	imitation.
49.	Which of the following marketing functions often helps a business create an image:
A.	Promotion
B.   	Advertising
C.  	Public relations
D.  	Selling
50.  	What is an important question that all businesses should answer about their ethical behavior in managing their customers' information?
A.   	Where can we obtain general demographic information about untapped market segments?
B.   	What information do we need to obtain about our customers to determine their ability to pay? 
C.  	What research method will provide the most comprehensive results about our competitors' activities?
D.  	How do we obtain information about our customers in ways that do not violate their privacy?
51.  	Many presentation software programs allow users to
A.   	copyright their graphics.	
B.   	include voice narration.	
C.  	calculate numerical data.
D.  	analyze organizational progress.
52.  	Which of the following is a standard function of most spreadsheet software programs:
A.   	Managing database files	
B.   	Preparing promotional brochures	
C. 	Performing financial calculations
D.  	Creating slide presentations
53.  	Haley has completed a new page to add to her employer's existing web site. What does she need to do next?
A.   	Upload the page to the web server	
B.   	Obtain a domain name	
C.  	Select an Internet service provider
D.  	Add the page to the internal network
54.  	The ONT Company is a very large firm that handles many types of projects. What type of project- management software program would be the best choice for ONT to use?
A.   	Costing	
B.   	Scheduling	
C.  	Corporate-level
D.  	Individual-level
55.  	Why is it important for businesses to maintain records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing?
A.   	To develop new displays	
B.   	To forecast future sales	
C.  	To plan credit programs
D.  	To organize special events
56.  	What type of internal business record will help a firm determine the status of its supplies?
A.   	SWOT analysis	
B.   	Income statement		
C. 	Inventory report
D.  	Credit report
57.  	Which of the following is unethical behavior in the operations function of business: 
A.   	Sharing a vendor's competitive bid information with another supplier
B.   	Using negotiating techniques to encourage a vendor to make concessions
C.  	Developing scorecards to evaluate suppliers' performance levels
D.  	Setting deadlines for vendors to submit their bids
58.  	The Maxwell Manufacturing Company regularly inspects its production equipment and conducts regular maintenance activities to ensure that the equipment works correctly. By conducting these activities, Maxwell is complying with laws that relate to
A.   	discrimination.	
B.   	workplace safety.	
C.  	chemical emissions.
D.  	technical security.
59.  	When should an individual consider administering first aid to the victim in an accident situation?
A.   	When the law requires it	
B.   	When company policy requires it	
C.  	When immediate treatment is essential
D.  	When the state has a Good Samaritan Law
60.  	Why is it important for business employees to follow established security procedures?
A.   	To avoid the risk of accidents	
B.   	To create a pleasant facility	
C.  	To reduce the possibility of loss
D.  	To develop a healthy environment
61.  	Which of the following activities should be an employee's top priority:
A.  	Preparing a purchase order that needs to be faxed to the vendor in two days
B.   	Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour
C.  	Making reservations at a local restaurant for a business luncheon that is going to be held in two weeks
D.  	Photocopying a three-page document for a meeting with a customer that is scheduled to occur five hours from now
62.  	Which of the following situations is an example of employees coordinating their work efforts:
A.   	Sarah calls a vendor to verify the delivery date of an order, while Shelley sells products. 
B.   	Bob unpacks a shipment and places the items on shelves in the warehouse.
C.  	Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him.
D.  	Ed reviews his monthly financial report to verify his calculations.
63.  	Maddie and her project team are developing a landscape design plan for a new office complex. Midway through the project, the project client tells Maddie that the team's plans must include a walking/jogging trail. Even though this is the first time that the client has mentioned this idea to anyone on the team, Maddie agrees to add the trail to the design plan. This is an example of
A.   	scope creep.	
B.   	backing in.	
C.  	fast tracking.
D.  	micromanagement.
64.  	Jane owns a small business and would order merchandise for her business every two weeks directly from a
A.   	craft union.	
B.   	trade mission.	
C.  	retailer.
D.  	vendor.
65.  	To maintain favorable relationships with vendors, a business must
A.   	develop a decentralized buying structure.	
B.   	use aggressive negotiation tactics.	
C.  	implement return policies.
D. 	have a cooperative orientation.
66.  	A business with a cooperative orientation tends to view its relationships with vendors as
A.   	obligations.	
B.   	partnerships.	
C. 	long-term rivalries.
D.  	short-term transactions.
67.  	On what type of purchase order are you most likely to find the following information: This order covers the MRE Manufacturing Company's purchase of ½" rubber gaskets, Model # 62376 metal washers, and ¾" PVC piping beginning April 10, 2012 through March 31, 2013. The prices stated in your quotation dated January 31, 2010 are effective until March 31, 2013.
A.   	Custom	
B.   	Blanket	
C.  	Service
D.  	Referral
68.  	Which of the following are examples of raw materials that a business might keep on hand for production: 
A.   	Leather, bolts, stapler, and ore	
B.   	Grain, minerals, leather, and oil	
C.  	Minerals, tables, leather, and paper
D.  	Oil, grain, shoes, and household cleanser
69.  	The Simpson Company is negotiating discount terms with Cornwell Manufacturing, a prospective vendor. During the negotiation, Cornwell states that it is willing to offer Simpson a six-percent discount on orders over $50,000. Although Simpson would rather have an eight- percent discount, it agrees to the terms, hoping to obtain something it wants later in the negotiation. This is an example of a
A.   	position.	
B.   	withdrawal.	
C.  	plea.
D.  	concession.
70.  	What must be done first to begin a Six Sigma Improvement Model?
A.   	Review data to determine if change needs to be made
B.  	Collect data to measure areas identified as problematic
C.  	Make improvements to areas with low customer satisfaction scores
D.  	Define the gaps between customer satisfaction and the company's capabilities
71.  	What might stockholders do if a corporation was unable to pay dividends because of excessive expenses?
A.   	Reduce earnings	
B.   	Organize a takeover	
C.  	Invest elsewhere
D.  	Buy additional shares
72.  	Belinda is reviewing departmental reports to determine why the business's outputs have been decreasing steadily over the last six weeks. Belinda is analyzing issues related to
A.  	production.	
B.   	distribution.	
C.  	finance.
D.  	human resources.
73.  	A guideline for determining a healthy weight for an individual is that body weight should be in proportion to
A.   	sleeping habits.	
B.   	age and nutrition.	
C. 	height and bone structure.
D. 	personal grooming.
74.  	Which part of the time-management process helps you get a better idea of when you're most productive?
A.   	Setting goals	
B.   	Identifying objectives	
C.  	Creating "to-do" lists
D.  	Keeping a time log
75.  	Why is it effective to visit a business's employment office when conducting a job search?
A.   	To contact other applicants	
B.   	To schedule an interview	
C.  	To locate unadvertised openings
D.  	To meet with department managers
76.  	An effective résumé provides a prospective employer with the information needed to judge the applicant's qualifications without being
A.  	 detailed.	
B.   	lengthy.	
C.  	specific.
D.  	concise.
77.  	Two common methods for locating a professional organization/association that satisfies the needs of a prospective member are
A.   	purchasing a classified advertisement or questioning other people. 
B.   	contacting group headquarters or hoping to be sent an invitation. 
C.   	questioning other people or contacting group headquarters.
D.  	hoping to be sent an invitation or purchasing a classified advertisement.
78.  	Dora has been arriving late to work once or twice a week. Because Dora is not following the company's rules of conduct, what action is Dora's employer likely to take?
A.   	Promote Dora	
B.   	Reprimand Dora	
C.  	Excuse Dora's tardiness
D.  	Assign Dora additional work
79.  	Sally is a production-line worker who is experiencing problems with the production equipment. Following the appropriate chain of command, Sally should report the problem to
A.   	Linda, the operations manager.	
B.   	Sylvia, the vice president of operations.	
C.  	Tom, the production-section manager.
D.  	Jim, the production-line supervisor.
80.  	What type of organizational goal involves setting standards in relation to the target market's expectations?
A.   	Employee	
B.   	Consumer	
C.  	Technology
D.  	Financial
81.  	One way to determine if an employee is helping a business to achieve its organizational goals is by
A.   	analyzing external economic factors.
B.   	providing the employee with extensive training. 
C.  	evaluating the employee's performance.
D.  	developing an incentive program.
82.  	So that a business can achieve its organizational goals, the business's employees must have
A.   	comprehensive analytical skills.	
B.   	adequate training.	
C.  	detailed reports.
D.  	unlimited resources.
83.  	What question should the purpose statement of a project's statement of work (SOW) answer?
A.   	What materials do we need to do this project? 
B.   	What is this project going to produce?
C.  	Why are we doing this project?
D.  	Who will carry out this project?
84.  	The primary purpose of developing a work breakdown structure (WBS) for complex projects is to
A.   	monitor human resources and supplies.	
B.   	document the benefits of the project.	
C.  	organize the work in a logical sequence.
D. 	identify potential stakeholders.
85.  	Corrine is the project manager for a research project. Yesterday, Corrine told Anthony, one of the project team members, that he is responsible for developing the sample plan for a survey. What was Corrine doing?
A.   	Providing guidance	
B.   	Monitoring processes	
C.  	Delegating work
D.  	Evaluating performance
86.  	Which of the following is an activity performed during the close-out phase of a project: 
A.   	Sequencing tasks	
B.   	Documenting results	
C.  	Selecting resources
D.  	Setting goals
87.  	During what phase of the project does the project manager release the project's equipment, supplies, and team members?
A.   	Closing	
B.   	Implementation	
C.  	Planning
D. 	Definition
88.  	An important aspect of Jason's job is developing better, more efficient organizational processes. The aspect of quality management in which Jason is involved is
A.  	consistency.	
B.   	assurance.	
C.  	deviation.
D.  	improvement.
89.  	Which of the following quality management frameworks uses martial arts terminology to identify individuals necessary for its implementation:
A.   	Quality Max	
B.   	ITIL	
C.  	CMMI
D.  	Six Sigma
90.  	A primary reason it is important for businesses to continuously try to improve work processes is to
A.  	communicate effectively.	
B.   	motivate employees.	
C.  	encourage creativity.
D.  	increase efficiency.
91.  	To control the business's level of risk, management needs to clearly communicate the business's code of ethics to employees because
A.   	businesses usually do not address ethical issues in their employee handbooks.
B.   	the government requires all businesses to provide in-depth ethics training programs. 
C.  	the employees' personal ethics may differ from the business's ethics.
D.  	business policies tend to change in terms of what is considered ethical behavior.
92.  	When a company uses computer software to assess the risk levels associated with alternative actions in a variety of business situations, it is conducting
A.   	qualitative research.	
B.   	product feasibility study.	
C.  	top-down forecasting.
D.  	what-if planning.
93.  	Vanessa, who is opening a new fitness center, is concerned about the risks that she, her employees, and her customers could encounter while at her facility. As a result, Vanessa has developed a list of guidelines for her staff to follow: gather a medical history from each customer, provide every customer with instructions for using the exercise equipment, and maintain CPR certification. By instituting these policies, Vanessa hopes to avoid  	lawsuits.
A.   	private nuisance	
B.   	negligence	
C.  	breach-of-contract
D.  	discrimination
94.  	In a large company, a separate department often is responsible for finding workers for the business. What management function is this department performing?
A.  	 Controlling	
B.   	Planning	
C.  	Directing
D.  	Staffing
95.  	What must occur before any management functions can be carried out?
A.  	Brainstorming	
B.   	Analyzing	
C.  	Processing
D.  	Planning
96.  	What function of management establishes a company's levels of authority?
A.   	Controlling	
B.   	Staffing	
C.  	Organizing
D.  	Evaluating
 97.  	Melanie is showing a group of new employees how to perform work-related tasks. What staffing activity is Melanie performing?
A.   	Interviewing	
B.  	Recruiting	
C.  	Training
D.  	Appraising
98.  	A production supervisor provides a new line worker with information about how to assemble an item. What management function is the production supervisor performing?
A.   	Directing	
B.   	Staffing	
C.  	Organizing
D.  	Planning
99.  	What is an important element of all businesses that managers must control?
A.   	Benefits	
B.   	Competitors	
C.  	Finances
D.  	Incentives
100.  	An assistant bank manager overhears one of her tellers incorrectly quote a savings-account interest rate to a potential customer. Rather than waiting until later to address the problem, the manager corrects the teller immediately and makes sure the teller gives the customer the correct information. Which of the following controls is taking place:
A.   	Concurrent control	
B.   	Preventive control	
C.  	Feedback control
D.  	Lost control
