1. One reason businesses usually are unable to enter into legally binding contracts with minors is because those under the legal age
A. do not have sufficient funds to make payments.
B. may not understand the consequences of their actions.
C. are unable to make basic decisions.
D. cannot make promises to do something for others.
2. Which of the following is an example of a voluntary debtor-creditor relationship:
A. Receiving a monetary gift 
B. Obtaining a loan from a bank
C. Requiring specific information 
D. Owing punitive damages
3. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is legislation that was passed in response to recent
A. collection activities. 
B. investment options.
C. tax settlements. 
D. accounting scandals.
4. Which of the following mutual funds is most likely to be tax inefficient:
A. A fund with a high portfolio turnover rate
B. A fund with a low portfolio turnover rate
C. A fund that concentrates on a specialized sector
D. A fund that attempts to match a broad market index
5. Which of the following quality management approaches is often used in the finance industry to sustain regulatory compliance:
A. Crisis management 
B. Just-in-Time
C. Reassurance 
D. Six Sigma
6. After identifying a potential compliance issue, a virtual auditor should
A. manually load questionable transactions into a spreadsheet for analysis.
B. delete all exceptions and questionable transactions from the system.
C. enter all questionable transactions into the operational financial system.
D. link all related questionable transactions for further investigation.
7. Which of the following statements contains the most relevant information to include in a business report about the specific market share of computer manufacturers during a particular time frame:
A. In 2009, Hewett Packard held 29.1 percent of the market share, followed by Dell, which held 21.9 percent.
B. In 2009, Hewett Packard shipped more computers than Dell or Apple.
C. Hewett Packard, Dell, Acer, Toshiba, and Apple sold more computers in 2009 than other computer manufacturers.
D. Apple Computers held the fifth highest share of the computer market in 2009.
8. Successful communication depends upon the
A. listener's knowledge of and comfort with the topic.
B. speaker's ability to speak loudly and the listener's interest in the topic.
C. speaker and the listener.
D. speaker's professional qualifications.
9. Strategic management is demonstrated in which of the following phrases:
A. Obtaining funds for business projects 
B. Recruiting appropriate employees
C. Planning and organizing for the future 
D. Regularly updating business processes
10. Which of the following is a legitimate response for an employee to provide to a customer regarding an inquiry about product pricing:
A. If you can wait a moment, I'll check for the price in the computer.
B. I'm not sure what the pricing is.
C. You'll need to contact the appropriate person to get the price.
D. I'm pretty sure that the item costs $39.65.
11. An effective technique to use to clarify information when giving verbal directions involves
A. speaking in a loud voice. 
B. taking notes.
C. demonstrating a procedure. 
D. limiting questions.
12. What is the main form of written communication between companies?
A. Telephone calls 
B. Memorandums
C. Meetings 
D. Business letters
13. Anna, a new employee with Turbo Electronics, must write a letter to a customer. Because Anna does not know which letter format to use, she should
A. develop the letter in several formats and send the letter that her supervisor likes best.
B. select the block format because it is the mostly widely used.
C. select the simplified format because it is impersonal.
D. ask her supervisor which letter format the company uses.
14. Because Caroline does not have enough time to read an entire 400-page business report, what section of the report should she review to obtain an overview of the most important content?
A. Table of contents 
B. Executive summary
C. Appendices 
D. Conclusions
15. Employees who always keep their commitments to customers are building positive relationships with those customers by being
A. dependable. 
B. assertive.
C. creative. 
D. sociable.
16. One way to show respect for foreign clients' cultural and social differences is to
A. always speak in your native language. 
B. pronounce their names correctly.
C. use slang and idioms frequently. 
D. embrace cultural stereotypes.
17. Whatever action must be taken in handling a customer complaint, the salesperson should respond in a(n) __________ manner.
A. abrupt 
B. skeptical
C. formal 
D. concerned
18. Jonathan, an insurance agent, explains both the pros and cons of his products to all of his customers to help them decide which policies to purchase. Hank, also an insurance agent, explains to his customers why they should purchase his products, but he doesn't talk about anything negative before making a sale. Based on this information, which agent is more likely to retain and grow his client base?
A. Jonathan, because he gives his customers too much information.
B. Jonathan, because his customers feel that they can trust him.
C. Hank, because he doesn't scare his customers away.
D. Hank, because he is a very optimistic, upbeat person.
19. What customer-relationship-management analytic would be most suitable for sorting clients based on how likely they are to repurchase a particular product?
A. Profitability analysis 
B. Account personalization 
C. Event monitoring
D. Customer segmentation
20. Items that are used to produce goods and services are
A. economic resources. 
B. natural resources. 
C. capital goods.
D. human resources.
21. Which of the following is a component of verbal communication between individuals:
A. Body posture 
B. Listening 
C. Facial expression
D. Eye contact
22. Which of the following elements of a business is not structured by organizational design:
A. Competitors 
B. People 
C. Information
D. Technology
23. Which of the following is a true statement about breaking the law:
A. It is acceptable in most industries.
B. It will make a company more popular.
C. It is necessary for business success.
D. It may have different consequences than breaching ethics.
24. A country that has a socialistic command economic system is
A. Great Britain. 
B. the United States. 
C. Switzerland.
D. Japan.
25. Which of the following is most likely to reduce risk:
A. Dividends 
B. Bonds 
C. Insurance
D. Stocks
26. If each citizen in the United States increased the amount s/he spent on U.S. consumer goods, the gross domestic product (GDP) would probably
A. increase. 
B. decrease. 
C. stay the same.
D. not be affected.
27. Which of the following is a factor that often enables certain countries to trade successfully with each other:
A. Equal governmental systems 
B. Same religious institutions 
C. Similar business subcultures
D. Identical language traits
28. Which of the following is a benefit to you as an individual of setting high personal standards for honesty and fairness:
A. You will not need to be bonded by your employer.
B. The business will have a good image.
C. The number of mistakes you make will decrease.
D. You will have increased self-respect.
29. How does self-control help you to think clearly?
A. By helping you to deal with criticism 
B. By helping you to be defensive 
C. By helping you to be objective
D. By helping you to deal with coworkers
30. Negative feedback makes many individuals uncomfortable because it
A. is so rare. 
B. involves so many people. 
C. points out their shortcomings.
D. occurs so regularly.
31. One of the ways that empathy benefits a business's employees directly is by helping them to
A. get along with their coworkers. 
B. focus on people's differences. 
C. plan effectively for the future.
D. move quickly up the career ladder.
32. Managers are more likely to be able to persuade employees to follow new procedures if the managers have
A. self-motivation. 
B. organizational skills. 
C. enthusiasm.
D. credibility.
33. Why might group members prefer to use an informal method of consensus building?
A. Group members wish to avoid arguing. 
B. The subject matter is controversial. 
C. It allows for face-to-face interaction.
D. There is more paperwork involved.
34. When determining if a personal vision is realistic, a person must determine if the vision will have
A. permanent results. 
B. limited resources. 
C. few setbacks.
D. measurable goals.
35. Which of the following is the first step in the coaching process:
A. Identify the problem. 
B. Get a response. 
C. Agree on goals.
D. Plan for improvement.
36. Jeremy is basically healthy, but he works with another employee who suffers from various chronic illnesses. Jeremy and his coworker differ in what way?
A. Age 
B. Physical condition 
C. Ethnic heritage
D. Education
37. Which of the following is an example of legal tender issued by the federal government:
A. Bank notes 
B. Corporate bonds 
C. Mutual funds
D. Municipal bonds
38. An amount of money borrowed by an individual or a business simply by signing a promissory note is obtaining a(n)
A. secured loan. 
B. regular credit account. 
C. unsecured loan.
D. travel and entertainment card.
39. Brandon is developing a financial plan, and one of his goals is to save enough money to buy a new car in two years. Has Brandon set a SMART goal?
A. Yes, his goal is time-bounded and measureable.
B. No, his goal is not attainable or results-oriented.
C. No, his goal is not specific or measurable.
D. Yes, his goal is attainable and specific.
40. When you use money to make money, you are
A. investing.
B. saving. 
C. rationing.
D. reimbursing.
41. Incorrect information on an individual's credit report may hinder his/her ability to
A. withdraw money from a savings account. 
B. obtain a bank loan. 
C. pay monthly credit-card balances.
D. earn interest on stock holdings.
42. How do finance companies commonly raise capital?
A. Issuing notes, bonds, and other obligations
B. Investing funds from premium payments
C. Investing deposits from savers
D. Establishing mutual funds and investment banks
43. Debt markets buy and sell ___________, and equity markets buy and sell _________.
A. grain, gold 
B. corporate stock, certificates of deposit 
C. government bonds, corporate stock
D. gold, government bonds
44. A primary advantage to consumers of convergence and consolidation in the finance industry is
A. guaranteed earnings. 
B. easier decision making. 
C. one-stop shopping.
D. liquid capital.
45. Which of the following is most likely to have a negative effect on financial markets:
A. Interest rates fluctuate daily. 
B. Business expansion slows quickly. 
C. Unemployment rates stabilize steadily.
D. Consumer spending increases consistently.
46. Which of the following has accelerated the globalization of financial markets:
A. A decrease in foreign access to domestic markets
B. An expansion of protectionism practices
C. The movement toward fixed exchange rates
D. The reduction of government regulations
47. Marcus wants to invest a portion of his money in long-term securities to finance his son's college education and his own retirement. To help him make the best investment decisions, Marcus should obtain the services of a
A. credit-union representative. 
B. loan officer. 
C. licensed tax accountant.
D. certified financial planner.
48. What does an income statement show about a company over a period of time?
A. Liabilities 
B. Reliability 
C. Equity
D. Profitability
49. While Chase was reviewing his stock performance, he saw that his commodities investment dropped .002 points from Monday's close to Tuesday's close. This drop is called the
A. net change. 
B. true value. 
C. net worth.
D. true yield.
50. The stock table column that tells you how many shares were traded that day is labeled
A. DIV. 
B. NET CHG. 
C. YLD %.
D. VOL.
51. An example of an internal financial risk is
A. consumer buying power.
B. foreign exchange rate changes. 
C. improper budgeting practices.
D. credit downgrades.
52. Why would a bank examine a business's balance sheet?
A. To determine whether the company qualifies for additional credit
B. To determine whether to declare the company bankrupt
C. To meet its oversight responsibilities of the business community
D. To recognize its most profitable customers
53. What do many businesses develop to encourage ethical behavior in finance?
A. Penalties C. Sanctions
B. Punishments 
C. Sanctions
D. Standards
54. Why it is important for businesses to keep accurate accounts-receivable information?
A. To evaluate interest rates 
B. To forecast sales 
C. To classify stocks
D. To monitor aging accounts
55. Which of the following is an example of a businessperson exhibiting unethical behavior in relation to a business's financial information:
A. An auditor verifies the accuracy of a corporation's financial statements.
B. An unauthorized employee reviews a client's financial information.
C. A banker requests financial information from a business to process a loan.
D. A manager examines the business's financial records to develop a budget.
56. Why has online technology's use increased in financial-information management?
A. Recognition that the security of transactions is no longer an issue
B. Removal of electronic information exchange procedures
C. Passage of laws that recognize electronic documents as legally binding
D. Protection of customers' right to privacy
57. What must a business do before deciding which data-mining technique to use?
A. Filter the raw data 
B. Acquire the desired results 
C. Determine the research question
D. Analyze product usage patterns
58. Which of the following questions would be the least difficult to answer using data mining techniques:
A. What makes some customers a better credit risk than others?
B. When will this customer place his/her next order?
C. Why did this customer move her/his checking account to another bank?
D. What product will a particular customer order next?
59. If you were using a computer spreadsheet to track your small-business's budget, which of the following should you categorize as investment income:
A. Dividends 
B. Cash sales 
C. Credit sales
D. Interest on debt
60. Which of the following questions should the user of financial analysis applications be able to answer:
A. Why are products being added to the company's product mix?
B. Which projects are business priorities?
C. What will the company's actual amount of profit margin be next year?
D. What is the change in the company's liquidity?
61. The purpose of using the locking function for a database is to
A. set queries to retrieve data from specific data fields.
B. allow users to import data from external programs.
C. develop reports and summarize various data.
D. ensure that only one person can edit data fields.
62. Investment firms must accurately report their financial position because
A. they are trusted to maintain an accurate accounting of people's revenue and expenses.
B. others rely on the information when making credit and/or investment decisions.
C. they maintain both brick-and-mortar and virtual businesses for trading.
D. people know that investment firms would not take advantage of them.
63. Which of the following establishes the guidelines for the way that a publicly owned company reports its financial position:
A. The federal government C. The accounting department
B. The board of directors 
C. The accounting department
D. The stockholders
64. Which of the following statements regarding accounting and finance is correct:
A. Accounting is much broader than finance, which focuses on investments.
B. Accounting focuses on the past, while finance focuses on the future.
C. Financial managers typically report to the vice president of accounting.
D. The finance department focuses on assets, while accountants track liabilities.
65. What type of accounting system is used for internal decision making, is not governed by generally accepted accounting principles, and emphasizes the future?
A. Managerial 
B. Tax 
C. Financial
D. Double entry
66. If a trend indicates that a business is making more money, the business is most likely to have identified the trend by comparing its __________ from previous time periods.
A. advertising budgets 
B. profitability ratios 
C. interest rates
D. payroll records
67. Before approving a loan application, a bank is likely to analyze the applicant's
A. brand preferences. 
B. inflation rate. 
C. debt ratio.
D. performance goals.
68. An automotive parts supplier must decide whether to extend a credit line to a new business customer. Before approving or denying credit for the new customer, what should the supplier do?
A. Analyze the customer's credit application, credit report, bank information, and financial statements
B. Contact company shareholders and ask for permission to extend credit to the customer
C. Discuss the customer's request for credit with the supplier's financial accountants
D. Evaluate the qualifications and work histories of the customer's management team
69. Which of the following sources of financial data might a manager use to analyze expense variances:
A. Cash receipts 
B. Customer invoices 
C. Payroll reports
D. Productivity reports
70. Making sure a company follows laws and regulations describes the HR management activity of
A. staffing. 
B. compliance. 
C. compensation and benefits.
D. employee relations.
71. Businesses should keep promises to customers in both personal interactions with employees and
A. advertising. 
B. newspaper articles. 
C. coworker interactions.
D. future products.
72. While researching information for a business report, Tara reads the following statement in an online newspaper article: "Although unemployment has dropped slightly over the past few months, many politicians have indicated that they believe the government has done enough to get our country out of this recession." This is an example of information that contains
A. statistics. 
B. historical facts. 
C. criticism.
D. poll data.
73. ChemTech International plans to build a new research facility, which is to be completed in two years. As an employee with ChemTech, your supervisor has requested that you produce a detailed document to send to potential vendors and contractors that outlines how they should submit bids to perform work for the new facility. The document is to contain instructions about the type of information the potential vendors should provide in their bids, and the format in which the information should be presented. What type of document are you preparing?
A. Summary of qualifications 
B. Request for proposal 
C. Executive summary
D. Business plan
74. If a company is managing its information effectively, the data should be accurate and
A. encrypted. 
B. relevant. 
C. anonymous.
D. positive.
75. JavaScript, BETA, AppleScript, and Ubercode are examples of computer
A. service providers. 
B. search engines. 
C. programming languages.
D. disk drives.
76. An upscale department store tracks customer purchases made with store credit cards and then tailors promotional messages and merchandise offers to specific clients based on their purchases. What software allows the retailer to manage this strategy?
A. Spreadsheet 
B. Word processing 
C. Database
D. Systems tools
77. How long are businesses required to keep their records?
A. On a seasonal basis 
B. Varies greatly 
C. Indefinitely
D. One year
78. What type of information should a company's marketing department review to make sure that enough products are available to meet customer demand for an upcoming sales promotion?
A. Performance 
B. Financial 
C. Operations
D. Inventory
79. Warehousing and shipping methods are operations considerations related to
A. scheduling. 
B. logistics. 
C. maintenance needs.
D. expense control.
80. What does the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) require all companies to have available for use?
A. Emergency generator units 
B. Replacement office equipment 
C. Adequate first-aid supplies
D. Back-up power sources
81. What do you need to identify if there are complicated jobs that members of the group are unable to perform?
A. Support services
B. Alternative tasks 
 C. Technical equipment
D. Replacement items
82. What is an important activity that businesses should include in project planning to improve the chances of the project being successful?
A. Orientation 
B. Communication 
C. Negotiation
D. Compensation
83. What do managers often use to evaluate project results?
A. Standards 
B. Techniques 
C. Resources
D. Activities
84. An important aspect of a quality culture in the workplace is the belief that
A. change is unnecessary. 
B. management has the best ideas. 
C. there are ways to improve.
D. individual performance is most important.
85. Why is it important for a business to keep its selling area neat and clean?
A. To please vendors 
B. To satisfy inspectors 
C. To attract customers
D. To interest employees
86. A man comes to pick up his order at the office where Courtney works. When she tells him his order hasn't arrived yet, he seems a little upset. She asks for his order number again so she can double-check it and find out where it is. Which step of the seven-step problem-solving method does this situation illustrate?
A. State and check assumptions 
B. Collect information 
C. Define the problem
D. Evaluate the solution
87. To allow your ideas to flow freely when trying to be creative, you should avoid being
A. determined. 
B. independent. 
C. self-critical.
D. curious.
88. Which of the following items might show up on a daily "to-do" list:
A. Marketing department meeting at 1:30 
B. Research at least five career paths 
C. Move to New York City
D. Read 20 articles in BusinessWeek
89. Which of the following is a technique for effectively beginning an employment interview:
A. Give name clearly 
B. Tell a joke 
C. Speak loudly
D. Take the initiative
90. Under which of the following circumstances is it appropriate for applicants to prepare interview follow-up letters:
A. Before they agree to pre-employment testing
B. When they are no longer interested in the job
C. After they have submitted application forms
D. In order to send information with résumés
91. Which of the following is usually the most effective way of developing career opportunities:
A. Interviewing 
B. Networking 
C. Mentoring
D. Counseling
92. Which of the following jobs involves determining the value of property:
A. Real estate appraiser 
B. Underwriter 
C. Real estate agent
D. Actuary
93. If you wanted to pursue a career that specializes in helping corporations and governments issue securities, you would work in
A. a brokerage house. 
B. a stock exchange. 
C. investment banking.
D. financial planning.
94. A primary aspect of Bridget's job is to evaluate her company's internal financial information and the external factors that affect the company's financial well-being. Bridget synthesizes her findings and makes financial recommendations to the company's officers. Which of the following certifications is Bridget most likely to have:
A. Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) 
B. Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) 
C. Certified Loan Officer (CLO)
D. Certified Annuity Specialist (CAS)
95. Which of the following provides an opportunity for building professional, finance-oriented relationships:
A. Market segmentation 
B. Product development 
C. Brainstorming
D. Networking
96. How do ethics relate to risk management?
A. Risk management is insurance for lapses in business ethics.
B. Risk management is all about the ethical treatment of customers.
C. The best form of risk management is adherence to business ethics.
D. The best form of business ethics is risk management.
97. Which of the following is a method that businesses use to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to confidential computer data:
A. Groupware applications 
B. Decryption software 
C. Passwords
D. Spooling
98. Which of the following is a risk associated with management's failure to follow business regulations:
A. Effective reporting methods 
B. Lower insurance premiums 
C. Expected customer-satisfaction levels
D. Financial losses in relation to lawsuits
99. What can businesses do to reduce risks associated with noncompliance?
A. Allocate operating funds 
B. Evaluate competitors 
C. Obtain customer feedback
D. Monitor regulations
100. Why is the choice of a risk measure for internal and external risk of great practical importance?
A. It determines the minimum reserve requirements in financial trading.
B. It determines the maximum number of clients that can be served effectively by a financial institution.
C. It identifies the types of risks that the financial institution will encounter.
D. It designates the audience that will receive the resulting financial reports.