Case. Case law is a primary source of law that is based on previous court decisions. Constitutional law is the supreme law of the land and is based upon the U.S. Constitution. Uniform laws address issues such as trade and commerce. Uniform laws provide legal consistency among the states that adopt them. The U.S. Congress enacts statutory laws.
Breached the duty of care. The duty of care is the basic principle that expects all individuals and businesses to exhibit socially responsible behavior by using caution to prevent harm and by watching out for one another. A tort is a private wrongdoing that potentially harms another person or entity. If a business or one of its employees breaches the duty of care, the business may be held liable for the tort. However, the plaintiff must have grounds or proof that establishes that the business or its employee (defendant) has committed a wrongful act, thereby breaching the duty of care. Intentional damage and conspiring with a competitor (collusion) are types of torts. The doctrine of sovereign immunity is the universally accepted principle that each nation has the right to manage its own government and develop its own laws.
A large piece of farm machinery. Exclusive distribution means selling a product through just one middleman in a geographic area. Marketers use this method when they need to maintain tight control over a product. This is why exclusive distribution is often used for specialty products that are technical in nature or require specialized services such as installation or repair. Examples of these products are airplanes and large machinery. Milk and magazines are examples of convenience products, which usually use intensive distribution patterns. A silk necktie is an example of a consumer shopping good, which usually uses a selective distribution pattern.
Agents. These are businesses or individuals that assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them. Wholesalers are businesses that buy goods from producers or agents and sell to retailers. Retailers are businesses that buy consumer goods and services and sell them to ultimate consumers. Industrial users are businesses that buy materials or goods that will be used to make other goods and services or in the operation of the business.
Refusing to sell to uncooperative retailers. This type of action may be considered a violation of antitrust acts. Meeting or surpassing customer expectations establishes brand loyalty and encourages retailers to carry the brand with fewer demands on the manufacturer. Customizing the distribution channel of key retail customers also reduces these demands by individualizing to meet these same retailers' specific needs. Establishing their own distribution strategies around smaller stores and eliminating the demands of the larger retail chains can also give manufacturers more control in distribution channels.
Making sure products are in stock before advertising a sale. It is important for businesses to coordinate distribution with the marketing function of promotion because products must be in stock and available to sell when they are advertised. Businesses that are planning to advertise a sale must first make sure the products are in stock. If customers visit a business to buy products that are not available, they may become irritated with the business and go elsewhere to buy. Promotion includes writing a news release to announce a new product line and organizing a contest to attract customers to the business. However, these activities do not involve distribution. Placing an advance order to obtain a seasonal discount is a distribution function, but it does not involve promotion.
A restaurant franchisee uses unauthorized food suppliers that compromise brand integrity. Horizontal conflict is defined as disagreement among channel members that perform distribution activities at the same level. For example, restaurant franchisees must follow the rules that the parent company (franchisor) establishes in the franchise agreement. Using unauthorized suppliers is not only a breach of contract, but is compromising brand integrity by using products that the franchisor might consider below standard. This can create conflict among other franchisees who are following the rules. Direct distribution is the channel of distribution in which goods and services move directly from the producer to the consumer or industrial user. Since the manufacturer is a new company, it is not creating conflict by engaging in direct distribution since it has not established a dealership arrangement. A manufacturer that provides authorized dealers with rebate programs does not necessarily create conflict among its dealers. Soliciting bids and awarding contracts are common business practices and can create normal economic competition.
New personnel regulations. Most businesses prepare a variety of internal reports that are intended to inform employees about changes in policies and procedures. These internal reports often explain new personnel regulations. If employees analyze the reports, they will be able to understand and comply with the new personnel policies and procedures. Businesses do not share customer profiles with all employees. Internal business reports concerning policies and procedures usually do not explain industry research data or list former local competitors.
Maintaining eye contact. By maintaining eye contact, listeners are communicating to a speaker that they are paying attention. This supports and encourages a speaker because the listeners are indicating that they are focused on the message. If listeners do not maintain eye contact, a speaker might think that the listeners do not care about the message and stop talking. When listeners look around the room, close their eyes, or glance at the clock, they are telling the speaker that they are bored or not interested.
Sharing and understanding. Sharing means that there must be one who sends the message and one who reacts to it. Understanding means that both sender and receiver grasp the same message. Telling/Informing is a one-way process. All messages have words but meanings are generally not included. Personal beliefs and attitudes determine if you care about a message or not.
Offer to get the information and call back. When a customer asks for information you don't have, apologize for not knowing and offer to get the information. No one is expected to know everything, but you should know where to find necessary information. Always offer to call the customer back. It may be inconvenient for the customer to call you again, and s/he should not be asked to call someone else. Asking the customer why s/he needs the information would be rude.
To declare your opinion. It's important to participate in a group discussion for several reasons: to think critically, to organize your thoughts, to develop your understanding of a topic, to know when to change your mind, and to gain confidence in speaking to other people. Declaring your opinion, which may or may not take place during a discussion, is not a reason to participate.
Quantitative primary data are costly to obtain. The writing process typically involves several steps: pre- writing, drafting, revising, editing, and publishing. During the editing step, the writer or copyreader should review what has been written to determine if it meets certain criteria to be published and/or shared with others. These criteria include proper sentence structure, appropriate grammar and punctuation, correct spelling, etc. “Quantitative primary data are costly to obtain” is the only statement that is properly structured, contains appropriate grammar and punctuation, and is spelled correctly. (The word “data” is the plural of “datum”.) The word “quota” is singular, so “Roger's weekly sales-volume quota are $8,500” contains an incorrect verb. (The verb should be “is,” not “are”.) In the statement “Carole is developing a prodect analysis sheet”, the word “prodect” is spelled incorrectly. (The correct spelling is “product”.) The phrase “Frank, Gus, and Bob” is a plural subject, so the wrong verb is used in the predicate of the sentence. (The verb should be “are” instead of “is”.)
Knowledge of the products being promoted. Information regarding planned promotions of products prepares salespeople to handle customer inquiries. The store's promotional budget and policies would not provide information pertinent to this customer's inquiry. Personal customer information also would not help to answer the customer's question.
Continuous improvement. When a business evaluates its business processes to make them more efficient and effective, it is conducting continuous improvement. Continuous improvement can help a business in its efforts to establish and maintain positive, long-term relationships with its customers. Employee training involves educating workers on how to best perform their job duties. Organizational structuring refers to the way business functions relate within a company. Business process management focuses on aligning a company's objectives and activities with customer needs.
Consumption. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is consumption, which is the economic process or activity of using goods and services. For consumption to occur, goods and services must be produced, or made. Producers, consumers, and resource owners exchange money payments for the use of their goods, services, and resources. Distribution examines how money payments are divided between producers and resource owners.
Studying and analyzing customer satisfaction. One of the marketing department's duties is studying and analyzing which product features bring customers the most satisfaction. Manufacturing new products, maintaining adequate stock levels, and making sure that the finished product gets where it needs to be are all important ways to create and enhance utility, but these tasks are completed by other departments.
Delegation emphasis. The organizational business structure is the way a company sets up its workflow. Primary characteristics of the organic organizational business structure include sharing (decentralized) authority; delegating responsibility among employees; and cultivating a broad range of job skills and knowledge (de-specialization) among workers. The advantage of the organic organizational business structure is that it provides the company with a great deal of flexibility.
United States. Private enterprise is an economic system in which individuals and groups own or control most or all of the means of production. Sweden and Great Britain have socialist command economic systems. China has a communist command economic system.
Spending. If consumers are choosing to spend rather than save, it means they are confident that the economy will remain strong, and they will be able to cover the costs of any future debts. High levels of inflation, saving, and prices are usually indicators that the economy is heading into a recession, where both businesses and households are trying to accumulate as much money as possible to achieve financial security.
Growth. Other indications of economic growth are rising employment, wages, and profits. Little or no economic progress occurs during periods of economic stagnation, which is the opposite of economic growth. A recession is a downturn in economic activity that lasts six months or longer. A depression is a severe recession characterized by high rates of unemployment and business failures.
See the reasons people behave the way they do. As we become more emotionally intelligent, better social awareness helps us to understand why someone is behaving the way s/he is. Emotional intelligence does not give us control over someone else's emotions, nor does it mean we should respond on the same negative level. Instead of standing our ground and not giving in, emotional intelligence means we are open to negotiation.
Discuss your feelings with someone you trust. Often, this is all that is necessary to restore your self- esteem. It is never helpful to your self-esteem to bottle up your feelings, to withdraw from life, or to go over past mistakes repeatedly.
Make a job change. When an employee can include a letter from a previous employer saying that s/he is an honest worker, it is usually easier for the worker to obtain a job at a new company. A recommendation would not help workers to select career goals and learn technical skills. Being recommended as an honest worker would not mean that a worker could work without supervision in all circumstances.
Benefits. Learn to look at changes in your personal life or your career as opportunities to learn and to become a better person. Focus on good outcomes of change rather than on the change itself. Have a positive attitude rather than looking for possible drawbacks or shortcomings. The side effects of change cannot be accurately predicted.
Acknowledging differences as assets. Valuing diversity means openly acknowledging differences and believing that they are assets instead of problems. It does not mean ignoring or minimizing differences.
Assertive. The goals of assertive behavior are to reduce anxiety/conflict and to improve self-esteem, mutual respect and understanding, cooperation, and the general quality of relationships. Aggressive behavior is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others or exploiting others to achieve personal goals. Passive behavior is characterized by failure to exercise personal rights and a lack of respect for personal needs. Ambivalent behavior is waffling back and forth from one side of an issue to the opposite side.
Control over employees. Leadership style ranges from the authoritarian style that exercises a great deal of control to the laissez-faire style that provides only guidance. A supervisor's income and education have no direct bearing on leadership style. While experience may be a factor in the development of leadership style, it is not a factor in classifying style.
Scarcity. Scarcity of resources has little to do with the time value of money. It's relevant to a discussion of pricing or economic resources. The time value of money is a measure of its opportunity cost, or what the spender is foregoing by spending now instead of saving. Interest rates are a measure of that opportunity cost. Future value is the value of money at some future point.
Sales. Sales tax is a fee that the government charges on retail products. Businesses collect sales taxes from the customers and pay the government the taxes at set intervals. Property tax is a tax on land and buildings. An excise tax (“sin” tax) is a specific type of sales tax on specific goods such as gasoline, cigarettes, and alcohol. Excise taxes are often included in the price of the product. Income tax is a tax on the income a person earns, such as wages earned by performing work for an employer.
24-hour account access. One of the advantages of using an online brokerage firm is 24-hour access to your account. Many self-directed investors like being able to access this information at any time without having to call or visit their broker. Online brokerages do not offer personal guidance from a live broker or many additional financial products and services. Online brokerages usually have low commissions rather than high ones.
Variances. Businesses analyze their financial information to determine the differences between what they had forecast and what actually happened. By doing this, they can account for those differences and improve future forecasts. In this scenario, equipment costs were not a factor. The business could not determine from its financial information whether the supply of raw materials decreased or demand increased. Forecasts are estimates based on information known at the time the forecast was made and will not be exactly what actually happens. In this scenario, therefore, the variances would not be considered forecasting errors.
$4,000. Liabilities are debts owed by the business. In this case, the business owes the $4,000 it borrowed from the Fifth National Bank. The $7,000 worth of inventory is an asset because it's owned by the business. The $24,000 is the business's equity or net assets.
To provide external sources with accurate financial information. The accounting function collects and records the financial information in the appropriate format. Governments require businesses to provide certain types of financial information to regulatory agencies and shareholders in specific ways. For example, some governments require large businesses to use a specific accounting method, such as the accrual method. The accrual accounting method records transactions at the time they occur even if no money changes hands at that time. An advantage of using the accrual method is that it provides investors, creditors, and customers with a more accurate picture of a business's cash flow over time. Governments do not require businesses to use a specific accounting method to ensure that they are complying with intellectual property laws, to control the ways in which businesses develop credit policies, or to monitor how businesses establish sales goals and budgets.
To plan purchases. Budgets guide financial decisions, such as what to buy and how much to pay. Businesses use budgets to estimate income to know how much money will be available to spend on purchases. By knowing when income is expected, businesses can plan to make purchases during a specific time period. Businesses do not use budgets to estimate income in order to increase losses, increase shrinkage, or develop services.
Career and education planning. Career and education planning is an example of an employee-assistance program a company may offer. Employee-assistance programs are part of the HR management activity of employee relations. Compensation is pay for work completed, not extra assistance. Training on the use of dangerous power equipment is a compliance issue. Corrective action is a training and development issue that occurs when an employee's performance is not up to standard.
The marketing environment is constantly changing. Marketers need information in order to keep up with these rapid changes. Other reasons that marketers must gather information include an increasing geographic scope for businesses, hard-to-please consumers, and increasing competition.
Selling consumer information without consent. Some businesses engage in unethical practices when gathering marketing information, such as selling consumer information without consent. When this occurs, it makes it difficult for other businesses to obtain data because consumers are reluctant to provide personal information that may be sold to others without their consent. Ethical marketers always tell research participants how their information will be used and give them the opportunity to indicate that they do not want it to be sold to others. Ethical marketers explain research procedures in detail, identify the sponsor of the research project, and ensure the anonymity of all participants.
To merge a variety of data into one database. Businesses often obtain information about customers from a variety of sources such as questionnaires, warranty cards, or sweepstakes entries. All of this information is valuable if the businesses are able to merge it into a database that is easily accessible. A business's customer database might include information about name, address, types of recent purchases, dollar amounts spent, general interests, income, brand preferences, etc. Businesses use the merged database to target specific customers or identify trends in order to remain competitive. Businesses might purchase software in order to prepare questionnaires or direct-mail pieces that will be sent to customers, but not to manage marketing information.
An article written by an industry expert. An article written by an industry expert is an example of external data—it exists outside the organization's "in-house" information system. A retail "loyalty" card, a sales report, and a profit-and-loss statement are all examples of internal data.
Situation. A situation analysis is a tool that is often used to gather background information about a current business situation or problem. Researchers use the information that they gather via a situation analysis to familiarize themselves with the complete problem or issue. This information may help researchers to identify what caused the problem, as well as possible consequences of the issue. A competitive analysis is the process of comparing a business's income statement with that of its competitors to see how it is doing by industry standards. A SWOT analysis is a marketing tool that investigates a business's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats in an organized fashion. A break-even analysis is a financial analysis whose purpose is to identify the level of sales needed to reach the break-even point at various prices.
Represents a larger group. A sampling plan is the course of action for gathering marketing information from a section or portion of a target market. A business gathers data from a portion of the target market because the market is often too large to obtain data from each market member. Therefore, researchers use the sample group's responses to represent the larger group's opinions and ideas. Sampling plans use different methods to select and gather information. The marketing-research issue or problem and the way the sample data are collected influence but do not eliminate the respondents' bias and error rates. Observation is a method of collecting primary data, which may or may not be more reliable than other research methods.
Balanced. Marketing researchers can use many types of itemized rating scales on a survey. An itemized scale provides respondents with a set of options from which they must choose an answer. A balanced itemized scale provides an equal number of favorable responses (e.g., extremely satisfied, satisfied) as it does unfavorable responses (e.g., dissatisfied, extremely dissatisfied). A continuous scale is a type of non-comparative scale that allows respondents to place a slash mark on a line that is bounded by two opposite variables (e.g., the worst; the best). Spliced and sequential are not types of survey rating scales.
Sales invoices. An invoice is the formal, printed record of a sale that includes all necessary information as to the buyer, the seller, items purchased, amounts, prices, delivery date, credit, discount terms, and other data regarding the sales transaction. Invoices usually possess key marketing and sales data in one location. Researchers often use this data to analyze information, such as product movement and account activity. Accounting reports summarize financial data as it relates to business activities. Freight bills are invoices that relate to the transportation of goods. Although freight bills might be used in marketing research, freight information is often included on the sales invoice. Utilization summary is not a marketing term that is commonly used.
Mail survey. A survey is a marketing-research method that involves asking consumers questions in order to learn their opinions and the reasons behind those opinions. Researchers often use mail surveys that are sent to individuals' homes as a way of collecting data. A message board is a gathering place for transmitting ideas or information through electronic communication. A case study is an instructional method that involves giving trainees a written description of an organizational problem and asking them to determine the problem and potential solutions. Behavior chart is not a common method of collecting research data.
Point-of-sale scanners. Many businesses use data from their point-of-sale devices (computerized cash registers) to collect marketing information. Because the point-of-sale scanner records all of the customers' purchases, a business can use the device to (indirectly) “observe” its customers' purchasing habits on an ongoing basis. The business can use the data to determine its fast-moving items and its customers' brand preferences. Comment cards are small, short, preprinted questionnaires. Manual equipment is too broad a term to specifically address how marketing researchers collect data. Marketing researchers do not use sound-wave meters to collect information about the types of products that customers are buying.
Present an overview. One of the functions of a marketing research brief is to present an overview of the proposed research project. Before businesses invest time and money in research, they need a clear understanding of the purpose of the research and the problem it will attempt to solve. The research brief provides an explanation of the research and why it is important. A marketing research brief does not process the data, state a conclusion, or analyze the evidence.
Recording. Errors can occur at any stage during the marketing-research process. When a researcher transposes numbers while transferring information from surveys or other research documentation into a computer spreadsheet or in a written document, it is a recording error. The example does not present a measurement, sampling, or response error.
Concise and objective. A questionnaire is a set of written questions designed to gather information. So that a business can obtain the most reliable information possible, questionnaire developers should make sure that the questionnaire is clear, concise, and objective, or free of bias. If the questionnaire is designed in a way that it is ambiguous (vague), complex, or adaptable, the business risks not obtaining reliable data.
Cultural influences. Cultural influences have the strongest effect on a consumer's buying behavior, even stronger than social influences, individual influences, and situational influences.
A stable economy. Marketing strategies are plans of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. These strategies need to be changed or adjusted when changes in the business environment make the strategies less effective. A stable economy would not create the need for change since no major economic changes are occurring. New technological developments, changes in the attitudes of consumers, and the influence exerted by government agencies are all factors that can cause a firm to change strategies.
Income. Demographic segmentation is the division of a market on the basis of characteristics people have in common that affect their purchasing power. Income is one of those characteristics. Geographic segmentation divides markets according to where consumers are located. Lifestyle and personality are psychographic segmentation factors that group markets according to people's interests, values, activities, traits, and behavior.
To identify emerging trends. Environmental monitoring involves tracking a variety of data and statistics to identify emerging trends. The benefit of environmental monitoring is that it enables businesses to understand trends and make changes in order to remain competitive. For example, environmental monitoring might indicate that consumers are buying more American-made products than products made in foreign countries. Businesses do not engage in environmental monitoring to develop recyclable products, to segment target markets, or to analyze ethical issues.
Obtain written permission from the copyright owner. To avoid copyright infringement, it is important to contact the owner of the copyrighted materials (e.g., written works or artistic works) to obtain permission to reprint in other formats. Written authorization provides clear documentation that the copyright owner has provided approval to reprint. Approval to reprint copyrighted material usually includes acknowledgement of the copyright owner, who may be the author or the author's employer. Trademarks provide legal protection to prevent unauthorized use of symbols, designs, or words. Patents are legal protection for inventions.
A customer registers on the company website. The Internet gives businesses great opportunities to gather information on customers and learn to relate to them better. When a customer registers on the company's website, the company is using technology to aid in information gathering. Filling out warranty cards in the store, writing letters of complaint (as opposed to emails), and receiving coupons in the mail are all non-technological methods of information gathering for customer relations purposes.
Operating system. An operating system runs the computer, serving as a go-between for hardware and software applications. In addition, the operating system provides security for the computer system. A server is any combination of hardware or software designed to provide services to clients. Application software is software that enables the users to perform specific tasks, such as word processing. A computer's hard drive is the element of the system that stores software applications, the operating system, and other data.
Detailed reports, memos, and contracts. Businesses use word-processing software to create a variety of business-related documents including reports, memos, contracts, business plans, letters, and tables. Spreadsheets are generated by other types of software programs (e.g., Excel) that organize, calculate, and analyze numerical information. Although many word-processing applications have basic drawing capabilities to produce simple graphics, the more complex graphic elements are generally created by special graphics and design programs (e.g., Freehand).
Meta tags. Meta tags are HTML codes that display information about web pages. HTML, or Hypertext Markup Language, is the program used for creating pages on the World Wide Web. It uses tags placed in strategic places to help the browser identify and locate various elements of the web page. ASCII, or American Standard Code for Information Interchange, is plain text from which the HTML document is usually created. The browser moves from one place to another within the page or to another site by means of a hyperlink.
Inventory. All the stock that a business has on hand is called inventory. Businesses keep records of their inventory to determine which items are moving quickly, which items are moving slowly, and when it is time to order additional items. Credit, accounts payable, and sales expense reports do not provide a company with information about the movement of its products.Daily. The operations function consists mainly of activities that are performed on a daily basis. Operations are the day-to-day activities that allow a business to keep doing what it needs to do— producing and providing goods and services for its customers. While some operations activities may be performed weekly, monthly, or yearly, most operations activities happen daily.
Customers from falling. Cluttered aisles are a safety hazard for both customers and employees. Employees should try to prevent falls by maintaining a clean work area. Spontaneous combustion is a fire that starts under such circumstances as when oily, dirty rags are left in a pile. Not all aisles have carpet. Keeping the aisles free of clutter will not prevent shoplifting.
Leadership. For a project manager, one of the most important skills is the ability to guide or direct the actions of others in a desired manner. One of the project manager's main roles is to lead the group to achieve the project's goal. Managers who have good leadership skills are able to motivate group members and persuade members to follow their directions. Project managers also need to have decision- making skills and communication skills. However, leadership skills enable managers to guide or direct the actions of others. The group usually sets the goals of the project, although the manager guides the discussion.
Dividing the country into districts. Some businesses have grown so large that central buying can no longer effectively purchase for geographically distant locations. In response to this development, many large businesses have decentralized their purchasing operations. This has been accomplished by dividing the country into districts and delegating part of central buying's responsibility to district managers who are more familiar with local businesses. Businesses do not decentralize purchasing operations by organizing departments into one, warehousing items until needed, or requisitioning sufficient quantities.
Natural resources. In order to produce goods and services, businesses need a variety of resources. One type of resource is natural resources, which includes the materials from which to make products. Without the necessary raw materials and natural resources, businesses would be unable to produce goods and services. Tangible items are outputs produced by the production process. Purchasing plans are the procedures for buying needed materials. Research facilities are used to develop new products.
Present a favorable business image. The cleanliness and neatness of a business contribute to a favorable image. Keeping employees busy is not a valid reason to perform housekeeping functions. Insurance companies do not inspect businesses on a regular basis. Maintenance involves upkeep and repairs rather than housekeeping.
It is best to wear "loud" colors in clothing. Colors should be well balanced and enhance to your personal coloring. Be extremely careful with "loud" colors in clothing. The alternatives represent guidelines for proper business dress.
Attending a school of art and design. This would be an appropriate educational goal for Susan because it will help her to make the most of her skills without requiring the kinds of academic courses that cause her problems. Graduating from a four-year university or completing graduate-level courses may be very stressful and could damage her self-esteem. Studying the works of great artists does not constitute an educational goal, but it would be an appropriate leisure pursuit for Susan.
Marketing management. Katharine's career is in the area of marketing management. Careers in marketing management involve all marketing functions, including channel management, marketing- information management, pricing, product/service management, promotion, and selling. Katharine's career is not in the area of banking services, professional selling, or operations management. Banking services include cash management, short-term investments, mortgages and other loans, credit cards, and bill payment. Careers in professional selling involve marketing and management activities that determine customer needs/wants and respond through planned, personalized communication to influence purchase decisions and enhance future business operations. Employees working in operations management focus on planning, organizing, coordinating, and controlling the resources needed to produce/provide a business's goods and/or services.
Identify the purpose of the letter and the job for which you are applying. The introductory paragraph should provide the background information that the reader needs to understand why the letter has been written. It should set the stage for the paragraphs that follow. The second and succeeding paragraphs should call attention to your qualifications and refer to information provided in your résumé. The last paragraph should express enthusiasm for the job and the company. Your references are cited in the résumé.
Receive a promotion. When an employee receives a promotion, s/he is usually given more responsibility and authority, which often includes managing other people or performing more complex work. Employees who receive promotions often share common traits and patterns of behavior. These employees tend to be dependable—they follow through on their promises and complete their work on time. Employees who receive promotions are also willing to learn new skills, such mastering a new computer program. Employees who receive promotions also take initiative. Initiative is the willingness to do something or perform a task without being told to do so, rather than taking a passive approach to work. Many types of employees obtain advice and acknowledge coworkers in the workplace.
Lowering prices during bad economic times. Businesses understand that they often need to be flexible and adjust prices based on a variety of factors. One of these factors is the condition of the economy. For example, during bad economic times, customers are quite cautious about how they spend their money. To attract these customers, businesses may need to lower their prices. On the other hand, businesses may increase prices when economic conditions are good because customers may be willing to spend more. Charging the same price all the time is not an example of being flexible. Setting prices based on the quality of products is an example of realistic pricing. Offering money-off coupons is a promotional technique.
Unethical. Setting very low prices on products to try to drive competitors out of business is an example of predatory pricing. In most cases, this type of pricing is considered unethical because its only purpose is to eliminate competition. Once businesses have driven out competitors, they usually raise prices because customers now have nowhere else to buy those products. This type of pricing often is effective in attracting customers; however, it is unethical because it eliminates competition. This type of pricing is not misleading or deceptive because it clearly advertises a very low price.
Prices inhibit competition. The Robinson-Patman Act (1936) restricts price discrimination practices. It is illegal for a manufacturer to charge different prices to different businesses for the same products if it impairs competition. Price discrimination is legal in the other situations.
Idea generation. New products begin with ideas. Idea generation is the process of thinking up or creating new plans and schemes and is often used in creating new products and modifying existing products. Many companies solicit new ideas on a continuous basis as part of the product/service management program. Business analysis is examining such factors as demand, costs, competition, capital investment required, and potential profit of a good or service to determine how it will fit into the company's product mix. Test marketing is the process of introducing a new product to a limited market to determine what its acceptance will be. Concept testing is exploring the concept, or idea, for a product in order to obtain feedback.
Computer-aided design. Computer-aided design (CAD) is a type of software program that allows users to draw two- or three-dimensional illustrations on a computer. Many types of businesses use CAD software to design their products and use them as a blueprint for constructing the products. The program offers businesses the flexibility to customize products. Photo management, freeform application, and remote access are not types of software programs that businesses use to plan, build, modify, or customize products.
Demographic changes. A product opportunity is a favorable circumstance that presents itself to provide a good or service that people are willing to buy. Individuals often discover product opportunities by simply being aware of changes that are occurring around them. Demographics are the physical and social characteristics of the population. Age is a demographic characteristic of the population or market segment. As a segment of the population ages, its wants and needs change. When an individual recognizes physical and social changes, s/he has identified a product opportunity due to demographic shifts. Personal attitudes are psychographic factors. Psychographics are a market segment's shared attitudes, opinions, and values. Geographic limitations relate to a specific location or region such as hilliness or a lack of water. Economic resources are the human and natural resources and capital goods used to produce goods and services.
Guarantee. A guarantee is a promise made to the consumer that a product's purchase price will be refunded if the product is not satisfactory. A warranty is a promise made by the seller to the consumer that the seller will repair or replace a product that does not perform as expected. An express warranty is a warranty that is written or expressed verbally. A special guarantee is a fictitious term.
Unqualified business operators. In some types of businesses, sellers of products must purchase a license to operate a business. The business must follow government regulations to retain its license and stay in business. This protects consumers from unqualified business operators. Lawsuits, government inquiries, and product recalls can occur regardless of whether the business is licensed to operate.
Encourage long-term use. Product bundling is the practice of putting together a number of goods/services to create a one-price package. Most often, the bundled package is priced so it costs the customer less than if s/he purchased each product separately. Product bundling is often a method that a business uses to get customers to try a product that they normally would not purchase. The hope is that once the customers use the product, they will like it and continue to purchase it, thereby encouraging long-term use. Increasing sales quotas, controlling expenses, and obtaining referrals are not primary reasons for bundling products.
False, all elements of the marketing mix should complement the intended position. One or two elements of the marketing mix may be primary, but all need to be coordinated for successful product/service positioning.
Can the product be easily identified by a brand? The product to be branded should not be too homogeneous, or similar, to others like it. The firm needs to project probable income from the product in order to determine profitability, but it would be impossible to know how much total sales revenue would be. If any other company is using a brand, the brand is not legally available. Any product can be sold without a trademark.
Corporate. A corporate brand is all of the combined impressions, images, or experiences associated with a company or parent entity. Disney is an example of a corporate brand. The Disney theme parks and resorts, Touchstone films, ABC and ESPN television networks, and consumer products, including the Baby Einstein products, are areas within the Disney corporate brand. Product brands are the combined impressions, images, and experiences associated with a particular good, service, or product line. Loyalty and universal are not types of brands.
Is necessarily biased. Consumers know that the advertiser must present the product in the best possible light, while product weaknesses are not mentioned. Advertising does not necessarily raise the price of a product. Most advertising is not meant to be misleading since misleading ads are illegal. Directing advertising toward a mass audience would not cause customers to doubt the information presented.
They provide a higher standard of living. The benefits of a promotional activity for consumers is a higher standard of living, which makes consumers aware of the goods and services available to meet their needs. The use of promotional activities does not ensure that an economy will grow. The increase in the number of products available and the generation of profits are benefits to the companies that offer the products.
Gender stereotypes. A gender stereotype is a set image or assumption about a person on the basis of sex. Promotional messages that use stereotyping tend to unfairly categorize people, which presents an ethical issue, because these messages often validate a person's existing or biased viewpoint. Promotional messages that portray men or women in certain roles do not always reinforce brand recognition. Cultural bias occurs when someone stereotypes another person on the basis of his/her cultural background. Demographic data is information that a business gathers about segments of the population. The business collects demographic data before it develops the promotional message for its target market.
Fraud. Fraud is a deception purposely carried out to secure unfair or unlawful gain. The nature of promotional activities, such as sweepstakes and contests, indicates that the activities can and have been carried out in ways that deceive or unfairly treat participants. Therefore, governments often develop and enforce laws that protect consumers from deceptive or unfair practices which relate specifically to sweepstakes and contests. Tax evasion occurs when a business avoids paying monies that it owes the government. Slander is a verbal statement that one party makes with the intent to harm another party's character. Price fixing is an illegal agreement in which businesses agree on the prices of their goods and services.
Newspapers. More than 25% of all advertising media expenditures is in newspapers. Because most local consumers can be reached through newspaper advertising, this is an excellent way for small businesses to reach their target markets. Because magazines are not published on a daily basis and very often are targeted for a larger audience, a small business would be better off investing in newspaper advertisements. Radio may not reach the business's target market. Television is usually too expensive for a small business owner.
Increased sales. Word-of-mouth communication is promotion and publicity for a business provided by customers who tell others of their satisfaction with the business. This type of positive communication often leads to increased sales for the business because it attracts new customers. When satisfied customers tell others about their positive experiences, they are encouraging others to buy from the business. This will not decrease advertising costs because the business still needs to advertise. Advertising is an operating expense. Word-of-mouth communication does not increase the product mix, which is the particular assortment of goods and services that a business offers in order to meet the needs of its market and its company goals.
Media kit. The public-relations function involves establishing good relationships between the business and the public. A business tries to maintain positive relationships with different groups that make up the public, such as employees, shareholders, local businesses, government officials, and the media. It is important for a business to build positive relationships with the media because they have access to large groups of people through the airwaves and their publications. Often, a business provides newspaper and magazine publishers and television and radio stations with media kits that provide information about the business and its employees. It is the business's goal that the media will air or publish news stories that portray the business in a favorable way, which provides positive publicity. The public-relations director did not develop a sponsorship program, creative brief, or advertising profile.
Damage control. In some cases, businesses use public-relations activities to counter negative publicity or to respond to negative information. This is an example of controlling the damage that may have been caused by a specific incident. For example, if the media reports that a product has been tampered with and resulted in injury to some customers, a business would use public-relations activities to reassure the public that every attempt was being made to keep the product safe. This helps to control the negative information and maintain good relations with the public. Product research, market segmentation, and sales management are not functions of public-relations activities.
Employees. Most businesses provide information to employees, the business's main internal audience. Providing information is a public-relations activity because it is intended to maintain good relations with employees. Employees tend to work more effectively and have higher morale when they are well informed and have accurate information about the business's plans and goals. Providing accurate information also reduces rumors, which may have a negative impact on employees. Suppliers, labor unions, and community leaders are not internal audiences, although they have direct contact with many businesses.
External. An external analysis is an examination of what is occurring outside the business. It examines not only the business's target market but also the competition. The information gathered in the external analysis helps the business to prepare a promotional plan that will appeal to current and potential customers and make the business competitive. An internal analysis is an examination of what is occurring within the business. Personal and regional are not types of analysis used in developing promotional plans.
Stock. When merchandise is promoted, customers expect to be able to obtain it immediately. Businesses should make sure that they have sufficient stock on hand to meet demand. If supplies are limited, the promotional efforts should make this clear to the customers. Having enough employees to handle customer needs is important but not necessarily related to the merchandise that is selected. Time and money are important only as they affect the ability to obtain stock.
Two-way communication. Salespeople use two-way communication to determine customer needs so that they can suggest appropriate products. This communication process helps to clarify in customers' minds exactly what their needs are. The overall role of selling includes adding utility, increasing employment, and promoting competition.
Build long-term partnerships. Customer service benefits sales organizations by helping to build profits. Providing quality customer service influences profits by helping to build long-term partnerships with current customers. Maintaining a relationship with a current customer is less expensive and time- consuming than generating new customer relationships. Therefore, loyal customers generate repeat business and lead to more profit. Providing quality customer service in sales does not necessarily enable businesses to create effective advertisements, develop operating guidelines, or motivate employees to achieve goals.
Customer wants and needs. There are many forces operating in the business environment over which the business has little or no control. These external factors include customer wants and needs, actions of competitors, availability of raw materials, and social concerns. The other alternatives are internal factors.
Sets unreasonable sales quotas for its salespeople. Ethics are the principles that guide an individual's actions and provide guidance for right and wrong behavior. When a business sets unreasonable sales quotas for its salespeople, it is not behaving ethically. In fact, these types of actions tend to lower the sales staff's morale and productivity because the business is setting them up for failure by establishing out-of-reach goals. Developing sales policies for sales staff, reviewing competitors' promotional materials, and establishing a cooperative advertising program with a vendor are ethical actions.
Hidden. Hidden benefits are advantages that cannot be seen or understood without the assistance of a salesperson. Comfort and safety are examples of benefits that may not be apparent to a customer unless a salesperson explains them. Being thoroughly competent in pointing out the benefits of products will enable salespeople to increase sales. Unique or exclusive benefits are benefits that a competitor's good or service does not possess. Obvious benefits are advantages of a product which are apparent, plain to see, and easily recognizable.
Emotional. Motivational theories often classify the reasons for buying into three main categories. One is emotional, which states that the motives for buying involve an appeal to the customer's emotions or feelings. One emotional motivator is fear, which influences customers to buy certain products to be safe and protected against injury. An example is buying a certain vehicle because it is equipped with various types of safety devices. Emotion is a strong motivator, and one that salespeople appeal to in order to sell products. Rational motives are reasons for buying that appeal to the sense of reason or judgment. Logic is an objective, or neutral, way to make sense of the facts by considering some facts more important than others. Patronage motives are reasons for buying that are based on loyalty to a particular business.
Management. Management is the process of coordinating resources in order to accomplish an organization's goals. The functions of management include planning, organizing, staffing, directing, and controlling. Marketing is the process of planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services to create exchanges that satisfy individual and organizational objectives. Economizing is deciding how scarce resources will be used. Research is an investigation or inquiry.