Bilateral contract. In bilateral contracts, both parties promise to do something. In the example, Samantha promises to pay $225 to Tony. In exchange, Tony promises to give Samantha the bike. Unilateral contracts are contracts that involve promises made by one party. For example, a pet owner offers to pay a reward for a lost animal. In this situation, the pet owner is the only party making a promise. There is not enough information to determine if Samantha and Tony made a verbal or nonverbal agreement or if they renegotiated terms.
Fiduciaries. Individual's financial advisors may serve as a fiduciary, and a fiduciary relationship will exist.
The fiduciary is responsible for caring for another person's assets and makes the decisions regarding an
individual's assets. An example of a fiduciary would be a trusted financial advisor such as an accountant,
attorney, or insurance agent. An economist is a person who studies how countries and individuals make
economic decisions. A bookkeeper is an individual who analyzes financial transactions, journalizes those
transactions, posts the journal entries to ledgers, and balances the books. Although Lucy's accountant
may also be her bookkeeper, her attorney and life-insurance agent are not likely to be bookkeepers.
If a Certified Public Accountant prepared Mary's return, she can probably avoid government penalties for
the understatement of tax. Financial professionals are expected to practice due diligence and comply
with federal laws for their clients. Therefore, assume their knowledge of the law to be accurate and true.
Because clients such as Mary trust their tax professionals to prepare their returns appropriately, the
federal government isn't likely to penalize the clients. Instead, the government is more likely to penalize
the dishonest and/or negligent tax preparers. A tax shelter is a legal method of minimizing or decreasing
an investor's taxable income; for example, an employer-sponsored 401(k) plan is a tax shelter. Mary's
understatement is not the result of a tax shelter. In a situation such as Mary's, it would not benefit her to
store her assets in an offshore bank account.
Tax shelters. Tax shelters are methods of minimizing taxable income. For example, the government does
not tax the income that an employee places in an employer-sponsored retirement program until the
employee withdraws the money from his/her account. In other words, this portion of the employee's
income is tax-deferred. Homeowners minimize their tax obligation when they write off their interest on
their mortgages as tax deductions on their tax returns. Garnishment is a court-ordered action in which a
portion of an employee's salary is transferred to a third party. Alimony and child support are examples of
garnishments. Real estate is a tangible asset. Derivatives are securities that function as tools for trading
underlying assets.
A securities regulatory commission. Securities regulatory commissions or agencies are responsible for
creating and enforcing compliance with financial reporting standards and other securities-related
legislation and regulation. In the United States, the most prominent, powerful securities regulatory
commission is the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC is a federal agency that
regulates the financial markets and protects the investing public from fraud or malpractice. Local law
enforcement officers are not responsible for enforcing compliance with financial reporting standards. The
World Bank provides financial and technical aid to developing countries but isn't usually responsible for
enforcing financial reporting standards. The federal judicial system interprets laws. The executive branch,
on the other hand, is generally responsible for enforcing the law.
Six Sigma. Six Sigma is a quality-management methodology that is often used by financial institutions to
sustain regulatory compliance. Businesses use Six Sigma to determine methods to improve current
process and/or develop new, more efficient processes. Six Sigma consists of six phases: Define the
problem; measure aspects of the current process; analyze data; improve processes; and develop
measures to monitor the new process results. Cost standards are established specifications used to
measure how much a project or product costs. Strategic planning involves making long-range plans
(three to five years) for a company as a whole. First-in, First-out is a method used to calculate inventory.
Switch from manual to automated calculation and reporting methods. To be Basel II compliant, banks are
required to calculate and report their risk-weighted assets. While it is possible to complete these tasks
manually, many banks have developed automated technology to gather data used in risk-calculation
models and utilize these data to calculate risk-weighted assets. Although improving the bank's newemployee training program, increasing cross-functional cooperation among employees, and encouraging customers to utilize the bank's online account system are all potential positives for the bank, they do little to help the bank better meet compliance requirements.
Reporting requirements. Demand for governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) software systems has
grown significantly in recent years. Although GRC software can be customized to better meet individual
business needs, it serves four basic functions. It identifies and measures corporate risk levels; monitors
the risk-management system; checks to see that employees are adhering to company-wide policies; and
ensures compliance with reporting requirements enforced by federal and state government agencies and
other regulatory commissions. It is not designed to ensure compliance with union demands, product
standards, or contingency plans.
The federal government's labor and workforce web site. When exploring career trends, researchers need
to identify credible sources that keep their information up-to-date. Federal governments often post and
regularly update career information on their labor and workforce web sites. The United States posts and
publishes the Occupational Outlook Handbook, which provides information about career trends for
hundreds of careers. The Canadian government posts career information about job trends in Canada on
a web site called Working in Canada. There is not enough information provided to determine if the
accounting textbook or newspaper article contains current or relevant career information about
accounting. An insurance trade publication is more likely to contain articles about insurance careers than
accounting careers.
Ask the caller if s/he would like to leave a message. If a caller wants to speak to a specific employee who
is unavailable, it is most courteous to ask if you can take a message or ask the caller if s/he would like to
leave a voice-mail message. There isn't enough information to determine if the caller wants to place an
order or if you are in the position to help the caller. If Rhonda is in a meeting or out of the building, putting
the caller on hold until you track her down or asking him/her to call back in a few minutes are not viable
options. Additionally, placing a caller on hold for a long time and telling her/him to call later are rude
responses.
Scatter chart. A scatter chart is a visual aid that involves placing points on a graph to indicate
relationships or patterns among two or more variables. A pie chart shows the parts of a whole. A timeline
illustrates the sequential order or occurrence of events. Businesspeople typically use tables to present
exact, individual values of data.
Informational message. Communicating information involves providing others with facts. In the example,
the human-resources manager is informing the company's employees about an issue with the company's
parking lot. The human-resources manager is not writing a projection report, business proposal, or formal
inquiry.
An employee sends an e-mail to a coworker about a short-term project. Horizontal communication occurs
between employees (e.g., coworkers) who have the same level of authority within the organization.
Supervisors and managers providing feedback or advice are examples of downward or vertical
communication. An employee providing his/her manager with a report is an example of upward
communication.
Realize that cultural differences exist. The key to adapting your communication style to different cultures
is to realize that differences exist. Then, you can do research to make sure that you don't do anything to
offend the other party. This may involve dressing conservatively, monitoring your body language,
selecting appropriate gifts, learning key phrases in another language, and using particular titles to show
respect. You don't need to change your personal values and beliefs; rather, you need to respect those
that differ from your own. Ethnocentricism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other
cultures. Ethnocentricism tends to hinder positive relationships with people from other cultures.
Take care not to overwhelm the customer. Because it is difficult for the slow/methodical customer to
make a purchasing decision, salespeople must be careful not to overwhelm this type of customer. If
customers feel overwhelmed, they may become frustrated and decide not to buy anything. Therefore,
being patient and calm is important when dealing with slow/methodical customers. Following the
shoppers around the store, showing them too many options, and pressing them to make a decision
before they are ready to commit are likely to overwhelm slow/methodical customers.
Developing stronger long-term customer relationships. By learning and better meeting customers' wants
and needs, bank employees—and ultimately, the bank as a whole—are able to develop stronger longterm
relationships with customers. And, as the bank builds goodwill among its customers, those
customers are likely to become loyal bank clientele. Although bank employees will be recognized for
delivering quality customer service as a result of the new strategy, it is not likely to be Anna's primary
goal. Based on the information provided, the new strategy is unrelated to new products and services or
the number of forms that new customers must fill out.
Understand the potential risks and rewards of different financial products. Ethical financial-services
providers act in the best interest of their clients. To act in the best interest of their clients, financialservices
providers consider their clients' individual financial needs, wants, capabilities, and limitations
and present appropriate investment options to them. Financial-services providers also should
communicate the rewards and risks associated with various financial instruments so their clients fully
understand their options. It is unethical to suggest that clients make a high-risk investment if they cannot
afford it. A diversified portfolio does not invest over half of a person's money in one financial product.
Hedge funds are exclusive investment partnerships that typically require a large, minimum investment.
Because markets are constantly changing, it is not feasible to plan future investments for money that is
not available.
Complete a data cleansing of the erroneous entries. One of the quickest ways for a business to upset its
customers is to accuse them of failing to pay their bills—especially when the business has already
received payment from them. To ensure that these customers do not receive more erroneous collection
letters in the future, Beverly should complete a data cleansing of the erroneous entries, removing them
from the system. Completing an accounting software update isn't likely to have an effect on the
erroneous entries. While it might be helpful to contact each customer by phone and apologize, Beverly
needs to do more than that to ensure that the customers are not bothered in the future. The $25,628 is
not a debt. It is the sum total of all the erroneous duplicate entries in the accounts receivable account.
A CRM database. Businesses use a number of different tools, including CRM databases, data
warehouses, and various computer applications, to gather, organize, analyze, and store customer data. A
data is a virtual storage unit for information. Computer-aided design (CAD) involves the use of technology
to plan, design, test, and alter products virtually. A neural network is a computer system that simulates
human brain activity to analyze and recognize patterns in information. A global positioning system (GPS)
uses satellite technology to determine location and provide directions.
Conduct environmental scans. To be successful in the marketplace, companies must monitor external
factors, which is the process of environmental scanning. Companies use the information obtained
through environmental scanning to adapt to the changes that most affect their business activities. For
example, changes in government regulations may require certain companies to change internal
procedures to remain compliant. Implementing internal analyses and preparing organizational inspections
are activities that occur within the company. Planning customer interviews is a step that companies can
take to get feedback about some aspects of the external environment; however, companies must carry
out the interviews to obtain the information.
Sympathetic strike. A sympathetic strike is a union pressure strategy in which employees of one local
union walk off the job to support another union that is on strike. A wildcat strike occurs when local union
employees refuse to work but do not have the consent of the national union. A lockout occurs when a
company closes the business temporarily, and the employees are not allowed to work. A boycott is a
union pressure strategy in which union members refuse to buy a company's products and encourage
others to do the same.
Law of diminishing returns. The law of diminishing returns is an economic principle stating that after a
certain point, hiring additional employees will result in a decrease in the overall level of productivity. For
example, suppose that an apparel manufacturer has 100 sewing machines available to produce shirts.
The manufacturer's overall productivity reaches its peak when there are 100 workers using all of the
sewing machines to make the shirts. If the manufacturer had 125 workers and 100 sewing machines,
productivity decreases because there are 25 workers without equipment to use to produce the shirts.
Economies of scale is the economic concept that states there is a reduction in cost per unit as the
production rate increases. The law of minimal utility and economies of scoring are fictitious terms.
Business activities slow. When business activities slow, businesses produce fewer goods and services. A
decline in production often leads to facility closings and employee layoffs. When people are unemployed,
they are not earning an income, so consumer spending tends to decrease. When business activities
decline over several months, it typically indicates the beginning of an economic recession. Businesses
are more likely to expand when interest rates decrease because it is less expensive to obtain loans.
When the inflation rate stabilizes, the prices of goods and services are not increasing as quickly, which
may boost consumer spending.
Trade deficit. A nation's balance of trade is the difference between the value of its exports and imports. A
trade deficit is an unfavorable balance of trade in which a nation's imports are greater than its exports. A
trade surplus is a favorable balance of trade when a nation's exports are greater than its imports. A
comparative advantage is the advantage achieved by a nation from specializing in and producing goods
and services at which it is relatively most efficient.
You can achieve one, but it requires work. Being positive does take a lot more effort than being negative,
but it's still totally achievable as long as you're willing to work to maintain it. A positive attitude is certainly
both necessary and important, and it doesn't make it harder for you to achieve your goals. In fact, a
positive attitude makes it easier to achieve your goals. A positive attitude is not something you're born
with; it's something you develop over time.
Todd misled Cynthia. Although Todd may have meant well when he told Cynthia not to worry, he misled
her by making Cynthia think that her job was safe. A better response may have been that he didn't have
all the facts about the layoffs and did not want to speculate about Cynthia's position. This statement
would have been true if Todd did not know who was going to be laid off. While Cynthia's questions put
Todd in an uncomfortable position, they were relevant to the rumors. Cynthia heard about the layoff
rumors—she didn't start them.
Repeat or summarize the other person's statements. You can show that you're actively listening by
repeating or summarizing the other person's statements or by asking for clarification. Active listening is
important because it keeps you from missing an important point. You don't want to think about what you'll
say next while the other person is speaking—this makes it impossible to listen. Even if you have strong
emotions, it's important to keep your emotions out of the negotiation, as reacting emotionally could derail
the discussion and negatively affect your credibility. It's important to keep a positive, open, and objective
attitude when negotiating, but this is something you should do whether or not you're actively listening.
High school students compete to sell the most candy in a school fundraiser. When students compete to
sell the most candy, their conflict motivates them to be better salespeople and make more money for the
school. If Kevin has a class and a meeting scheduled for Tuesday afternoon, his conflict is due to
competing or opposing situations. When two coworkers need to use the copy machine at the same time,
their conflict is due to limited resources. If Jane and Amy both want to be in charge of their presentation,
their conflict is because of authority.
All decision makers have equal power. Consensus is a decision-making outcome that requires
substantial agreement of each group member. This means that, for everyone to agree, the option doesn't
have to be each group member's first choice. When making decisions by consensus, each member of
the groups has equal power. Because each member has equal power, members are less likely to do
things that promote self-interests and personal agendas. Consensus is not a majority rule. The
disadvantages to consensus as a decision making process is that it often takes a lot of time and conflicts
may occur.
Establish trust. Successful collaboration involves establishing trust. When employees trust their
coworkers, they are open, honest, and willing to work together to complete an activity or project.
Employees do not need to support all ideas, but they need to be respectful of others' feelings and
opinions. Employees cannot always avoid conflict, but they can handle it in constructive ways. Limiting
communication can hinder collaboration.
Installment. Installment credit is a type of credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is
to be paid off in regular installments. Because Thomas is paying a set amount of money at regular
intervals, he is using an installment plan to pay for his car. Revolving credit is a type of credit account that
limits the total amount of money that may be owed and charges interest on outstanding balances. A
budget credit account is a form of short-term credit often set up for 60- or 90-day periods with a payment
due every 30 days. Service credit is credit used for utilities that have been consumed but not paid for
(e.g., water and electricity).
Time-value of money. Due to the time-value of money, any certain amount of money (such as Justine's
$5,000) is worth more now than later as a result of its earning potential. Rather than letting her uncle
keep the $5,000 until next year, Justine is wise to take the money now and put it in a deposit-bearing
savings account. That way, Justine can earn more money ($300, to be precise) on the money from her
uncle. A dividend reinvestment plan (also known as a DRIP) is a method used by many investors to grow
their investments more quickly. It involves using stock dividends to purchase more shares of that stock.
Capital budgeting is the process that a firm's financial managers use to determine which projects to
invest in. The accrual accounting method involves recording transactions at the time they occur even if
no money changes hands at the time.
Compound interest. Compound interest is interest earned upon your previous interest earnings. By
starting early and earning compound interest, you can accumulate a much larger amount of money than
you would if you simply put $2,000 under your mattress or in a jar each year. A finance charge is interest
charged on the outstanding balance of a credit account. Fiscal policy is the government policy that sets
levels of government spending and taxation. The prime interest rate is the interest rate that banks offer to
their best credit customers. There is no indication that nine percent is the prime rate.
Identity theft. Identity theft occurs when an individual obtains and uses another person's information (e.g.,
credit cards) without that person's consent. It is important for people to monitor their bank and credit-card
accounts on a regular basis, and financial institutions are implementing internal policies to help flag
possible identity-theft activities. Banks and credit-card companies send e-mail and text messages under
certain conditions to alert their customers of possible fraudulent activities. For example, financial
institutions notify customers when their systems detect sizable ATM withdrawals or charges are made to
credit cards over a certain amount of money. Although these actions detect fraud after it occurs, it allows
customers time to freeze their accounts to prevent further activity. Loan fraud involves lying on loan
applications to obtain loans. Money laundering is the process of creating the appearance that money
obtained from criminal activities came from acceptable or legal sources. Firewall applications are
designed to protect the organization's computer systems from external hacking activities.
An itemized deduction. The government allows taxpayers to itemize or list certain expenses on their tax
returns to reduce the amount of taxable income. These expenses include charitable donations, a
percentage of medical expenses, business expenses, and interest paid on some types of loans.
Investment earnings, such as dividend payments, are taxable income. The federal government does not
tax certain types of investments, such as municipal bonds.
Credit union. Credit unions are essentially cooperatives providing financial products and services to a
group of individuals who work for the same employer or share some other common interest or
characteristic. Only members may save at or borrow from a credit union. Credit unions offer many
different types of accounts, including interest-bearing checking accounts, also called share-draft
accounts. Mortgage companies, insurance companies, and Certified Public Accounting (CPA) firms are
not deposit-taking financial institutions.
Financial institutions facilitate the flow of money in the economy. Government/semigovernment financial
institutions, but not all financial institutions, carry out regulatory and supervisory functions. A financial
institution with a high value, rather than a low value, is probably doing a good job of managing its risk and
making money for stockholders. Credit unions are financial institutions that are owned by their members;
however, not all financial institutions are credit unions.
Bonds, which are debt instruments, are typically less risky investments than stocks. Equity instruments
such as common stock are traded on the equity market. Individuals who purchase equity instruments, not
debt instruments such as bonds, gain partial ownership of a business. If a company suffers financial
difficulties, its bondholders are paid before its stockholders.
Auction. The New York Stock Exchange is an auction market. An auction market is a physical, floorbased
market where multiple traders place bids on behalf of investors. At the same time, sellers submit
offers, or asks, to sell their stocks at certain prices. The trade price represents the highest bid price and
the lowest offer price. An over-the-counter market is a place for trading securities outside of a formal
exchange. A commodity market is a market for buying and selling raw materials and primary products. A
spot market is a commodities market involving cash purchases that are delivered immediately.
Convergence. Convergence in the finance industry typically involves the merging of financial providers
from different financial sectors, such as a retail bank merging with an insurance company. As a result of
the merger, the new, larger organization may choose to replace each company's legacy accounting
system with one new enterprise planning system for all of its operations—both banking and insurance.
Convergence often results in increased capital liquidity. Bancassurance is the sale of insurance products
by a retail/business bank, not the merger of an insurance company and a bank. Not enough information
was provided to determine if the enterprise planning system encompasses knowledge management.
Consolidating with larger banks. In recent years, many small banking institutions have consolidated or
merged with larger banks in efforts to compete globally and improve efficiencies, viability, and
profitability. Rapidly expanding operations without consolidating with a larger bank is usually not
conceivable for a small banking institution. Following global regulations is important but not necessarily
enough to compete successfully on a global level. A financial holding company is a large organization
that owns most or all of the shares of individually incorporated subsidiaries that engage in other types of
financial activities. Small banking institutions aren't liking to have the resources to be financial holding
companies.
Gross Domestic Product, unemployment, and inflation. According to most analysts, the three economic
indicators that impact the stock market the most (and, therefore, the three that stock market investors
and traders should pay the closest attention to) are the Gross Domestic Product, unemployment, and
inflation. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is the final market value of the total output of all goods and
services produced within a country's geographic boundaries during a year's time. The stock market
mirrors the GDP—if the GDP goes up, the stock market usually goes up with it. The unemployment rate
is the percentage of the workforce that is unemployed. The stock market is inversely related to the
unemployment rate—if the unemployment rate goes up, stock prices usually go down. Inflation is a rapid
rise in prices that may occur when demand exceeds supply or when productivity declines and costs of
labor go up. If inflation and interest rates both rise, the stock market will suffer. However, if inflation goes
up while interest rates stay low, the stock market is likely to benefit. Overhead expenses and bond rates
are not economic indicators.
A movement from fixed exchange rates to floating exchange rates. A fixed exchange rate is one that the
government sets and maintains. A fixed exchange rate does not change very often. A floating exchange
rate, on the other hand, is constantly in flux—determined by the market through supply and demand. To
enable capital to flow more freely across their national borders, countries around the world have moved
from fixed to floating exchange rates, lowered taxes on international financial transactions, increased
foreigners' access to domestic financial markets, and decreased restrictions on foreign investment and
international trade.
Asset-management firm. Asset-management firms invest their clients' money in different (diversified)
securities by pooling assets. This is beneficial to investors who do not have the financial resources and
expertise to obtain securities on their own. Asset-management firms typically manage mutual funds,
hedge funds, and pension plans. An investment bank is a financial intermediary that underwrites
securities and facilitates mergers. Mortgage companies process loans specifically designed for the
purchase of real estate—land, residences, and other types of buildings. Certified Public Accounting firms
perform independent financial audits for different types of businesses (e.g., public corporations).
Income statement. Some investors believe the income statement is the most important document to
review because it shows the company's “bottom line,” a term that refers to net income. The income
statement shows a company's profitability over a specific period of time. You read an income statement
from top to bottom. The top line shows the revenues. Each line below the first line deducts expenses,
until you get to the bottom line that shows the net income. A cash flow statement tracks the money that
comes into and flows back out of a company. A balance sheet gives a summary of a company's financial
health at a specific point in time. A statement of retained earnings indicates the amount of profit that is
being retained in the business, as well as the dividends paid by the company during a specific period of
time.
EDGAR and the company's website. Before purchasing stock in a particular company, you should
conduct thorough research on the company. Two important resources to access when doing this
research are the company's web site and Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval (EDGAR). Many
publicly-traded companies have web sites where you can find their annual reports and any other
information and filings they have made public throughout the year. EDGAR is a section of the SEC web
site. All of the company's mandatory filings (required by the SEC) are housed in EDGAR. Although the
Statement of Ownership is typically included in company financial statements, it would not necessarily be
an example of the most important resources to access prior to investing. ESOP stands for employee
stock ownership plan, which is a system for employees to purchase stock of the company they work for.
Price-earnings ratio. Most stock tables include the price-earnings ratio, or PE ratio for short. The priceearnings ratio is determined by dividing the last closing price of the stock by the earnings per share.
Investors often study the PE ratio to get an idea of whether the stock is overvalued or undervalued,
compared to competitors. The earnings per share (EPS), net income, and stockholder's equity are not
typically found on the stock table. The earnings per share tells investors how much profit goes to each
share of common stock. The net income is the money remaining after operating expenses are subtracted
from gross profit. The stockholders' equity is equal to the assets minus liabilities.
Net change. The net change, which is commonly identified on stock tables, indicates the difference
between the stock's closing price and the previous day's closing price. The ticker symbol is a system of
letters that uniquely identifies a company. It is often based on the company name. The price-earnings
ratio is determined by dividing the share price of the stock by the earnings per share. The price-earnings
ratio is a common heading on stock tables. The 52-week high and low are the highest and lowest prices
paid for the stock during the past year.
Lending investments. Investments in which individuals allow borrowers to use their money for a period of
time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending investments. Certificates of deposit and municipal
bonds are types of lending investments. Ownership investments are those in which individuals purchase
a portion or all of an item (e.g., stocks). Value stocks trade at lower-than-average prices because they
have been overlooked or undervalued by investors. Commodities, which are often traded on stock
exchanges, are inputs or goods used to produce other products such as oil, grains, gold, etc.
Current assets. A balance sheet is a financial statement that captures the financial condition of the
business at that particular moment. Inventory and accounts receivable are categorized as current or
short-term assets because the levels of inventory and income from sales tend to fluctuate. Owner's equity
is the amount an owner has invested in the business plus or minus profits and losses. Long-term assets
are items of value—buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment—that businesses use to generate revenue
for more than a year. Current liabilities are debts that must be paid within a year.
Insider trading. Illegal insider trading occurs when a company employee buys or sells company stock
based on information that is not disclosed to the public. It is also illegal for a company employee to share
that information with others so that they can buy or sell the stock before the public is made aware of the
information. Disparate data structures are financial-information databases that organize data differently,
making it very difficult to compare the data housed in the different applications. Stewardship is an ethical
consideration in financial-information management. Essentially, it means that those individuals managing
a company's financial information are expected to maintain the data in a consistent, useful, responsible
manner. Encryption is the process of transforming information into a secret code so that only the recipient
can read it.
Forecast financial inflows and outflows. Financial-information management has multiple responsibilities in
an organization. For example, it collects, maintains, and reports data about financial transactions.
Business managers often use these data to forecast financial inflows and outflows, which is extremely
helpful when developing a budget. The financial-information management function also assists in the
preparation of financial statements and protects customer financial information. Business managers are
unlikely to use the data to determine if liability insurance is needed, develop secondary equity markets, or
calculate the level of corporate groupthink.
Steward. A data steward is, in essence, responsible for ensuring the integrity of an organization's data.
To ensure those data's integrity, data stewards must make sure that data are used ethically and honestly
—and only by those individuals authorized to do so. Pamela failed to fulfill her responsibilities as a data
steward because she allowed a coworker to access data that he was not authorized to see or use. An
auditor is responsible for verifying the accuracy of business records. In business, a sponsor is typically an
individual or organization that financially supports a project, event, or promotion. A data processor is
responsible for analyzing facts and figures and putting them into formats useful to the business.
More data attacks come from inside the organizations than outside them. Financial institutions' data are
at risk of attacks originating from both within and outside the organizations. In fact, more data attacks
typically come from inside the organization than outside it. Unfortunately, most financial institutions have
traditionally concentrated their data security efforts on firewalls and other technology to prevent outside
attacks while neglecting to address the risk of inside attacks. And, even the best firewall in the world can't
eliminate every external threat to the data. In addition, data at rest and data in process are actually more
at risk than data in transit. In recent years, though, financial service companies have increased their
investment in financial-information security to address these issues.
Provides users with faster, better access to data from multiple sources. Financial-information
management software has a number of benefits. It provides users with faster, better access to data, even
from multiple sources. It also improves productivity by replacing tasks that used to be completed by hand
with automated activities. It lowers compliance costs, but it does so by increasing audit trails and
economies of scale, not eliminating them. Finally, it reduces risk and increases users' confidence in the
confidentiality, safety, and integrity of data.
Dashboard. A dashboard is a data-mining tool that summarizes a business's financial data and presents
that information in easy-to-read charts and/or tables. The data, which are updated in real time, can be
used to assess the company's overall financial performance. Many companies develop dashboards that
appear on at least some of their employees' computer home screens automatically. A text-mining tool is
a type of data-mining tool that can mine data from multiple text formats, including Microsoft Word and email. An artificial neural network is a data-mining technique often used to review financial records to
identify possible errors and questionable entries. A decision tree is also a data-mining technique.
Decision trees are commonly used to classify data and build models.
Artificial neural networks. Three common data mining techniques are artificial neural networks, decision
trees, and the nearest-neighbor method. An artificial neural network is a data-mining technique often
used to review financial records to identify possible errors and questionable entries. Decision trees, on
the other hand, are commonly used to classify data and build models. The nearest-neighbor method
classifies data records according to similar historical data. A dashboard is a data-mining tool that
summarizes a business's financial data and presents that information in easy-to-read charts and/or
tables.
Debt modeling. Some budgeting software applications include a debt modeling tool which allows the user
to assess the potential impact of loans and lines of credit. To use the debt modeling tool, the user would
input the terms of the loan or line of credit, including the interest rate, term, principal, etc. Decision trees
are a data-mining technique commonly used to classify data and build models. Environmental scanning
involves gathering information about the environment surrounding a business, analyzing that information,
and determining the future impact of that information on the business. Zero-based budgeting is a method
of budgeting that requires a manager to demonstrate the need for every expense instead of relying on
figures from a previous period.
A spreadsheet application. Many small business owners use spreadsheet software such as Microsoft
Excel to develop their budgets. A spreadsheet is a grid that shows information (usually numerical) in a
logical format. Even applications that are marketed as “budgeting software” are basically spreadsheet
templates that have been formatted and prepared specially for budgeting purposes. A database is
computerized storage for information and facts. Although small business owners may house their data in
a database, they are likely to use a spreadsheet application to develop their budgets. A dashboard is a
data-mining tool that summarizes a business's financial data and presents that information in easy-toread
charts and/or tables. Project-management applications are likely to contain budgeting software, but
it would be used when developing a budget for a project, not an entire business.
Benchmarking. Many financial-analysis software applications can provide users with benchmarking
information that compares a company's financial performance with other specific companies in its
industry and/or with industry standards. Other financial-analysis software features include ratio analysis,
DuPont modeling, and forecasting. Financial ratios are comparisons of different numbers from a
business's financial statement. Most financial-analysis software calculates the different financial ratios
automatically and then evaluates those ratios to determine company strengths and weaknesses for the
user. DuPont modeling helps the user to examine the impact of each financial ratio on return on equity.
Forecasting features are often used to make predictions, develop budgets, and experiment with “what-if”
scenarios.
Parameter query. A query is a short string of code used to access and retrieve specific information from a
database. After developing a query (which is, essentially, a question), that query can be saved and used
again. Sometimes, the user wants to ask the database several very similar questions but with different
details (e.g., different timeframes) each time. If this is the case, the user might develop and use a
parameter query, which allows the user to input different details or criteria each time s/he runs the same
general query. A crosstab query aggregates data to transform rows of data into columns. A wildcard is
query is typically used when the user isn't sure how to spell a word in the query or wants to locate all
database entries containing different variations on a specific term. A status query is sometimes used to
determine the status of a system, project, etc.
Make investment decisions. Public corporations are legally required to provide accurate financial
information (e.g., balance sheets, annual reports) because shareholders and potential shareholders use
this information to make investment decisions. If public corporations provide inaccurate or misleading
financial information, they are subject to severe government penalties and fines. A currency exchange
rate is the specification of how much two currencies are worth in relation to each other at a given time.
Although the goal of investing is to make or gain money, there is a possibility of financial loss if stocks
perform poorly.
Verify compliance. Individuals and businesses rely on accurate financial information when making
investment decisions. Public corporations must follow many regulations to ensure that they provide
accurate financial information to existing and potential shareholders. To ensure the accuracy of this
information, the government requires independent auditors to review public corporations' financial reports
before the reports are released to the public. Because independent auditors do not work for the
company, they perform their audits objectively and without bias, which validates the integrity of the
financial information. Independent auditors are not required to test a corporation's accounting methods,
evaluate risk, or summarize collection techniques.
Reporting transactions, financial planning. Because accounting is the process of keeping and interpreting
financial records, it is responsible for recording and reporting transactions. The primary responsibility of
the finance function is obtaining funds and managing the business's money in ways that achieve the
business's goals. This process often involves making decisions, managing resources, and solving
problems. The finance function uses the reports that the accounting function prepares to carry out its
responsibilities. The primary responsibility of the accounting function is not allocating funds, planning
activities, or prioritizing needs.
Choosing appropriate investments. The primary responsibility of the finance function is obtaining funds
and managing the business's money in ways that boost growth and achieve the business's goals. One
way to boost a company's growth is by choosing appropriate investments that will increase the
company's income. Preparing cash flow statements, updating bookkeeping ledgers, and tracking
business expenditures are accounting activities.
A future orientation. Businesses use managerial accounting systems for organizational planning and
strategic (long-term) decision-making. Managerial accounting involves looking at all types of relevant
financial information that affects business activities and using the information to make predictions.
Managerial accounting evaluates current, past, and future conditions and considers factors such as sales
and economic conditions. Tax and financial accounting systems emphasize a business's past financial
performance (e.g., previous sales transactions). These systems are designed to prepare financial
information in specific ways because they provide financial information to different external audiences.
Cash. The cash accounting system records transactions when the business receives or spends money.
This system can create problems for a business when a service occurs during one accounting period,
and the business receives payment for the service during another accounting period. The accrual
accounting system records transactions at the time they occur regardless of when money is exchanged.
Positional and static are not types of accounting systems.
Comparative statement. A comparative statement is a financial report that compares the same types of
data from different periods of time (e.g., year to year). Comparative statements help businesses identify
changes and trends in a business's production activities including production rates, raw-material costs,
product quality, etc. Businesses also use comparative reports to evaluate other business activities such
as sales, accounts-receivable, and payroll. Frequency is a quantitative measure of the average number
of times a target consumer is exposed to an advertising message.
Liquidity. Businesses use different financial ratios to identify trends that affect their business activities. A
financial ratio is the comparison of two numbers from a business's financial statement. Businesses
calculate and use financial ratios to look at relationships between dollars, numbers, and percentages.
Many businesses compare their current financial ratios to previous years to identify trends and patterns in
their sales, spending, liquidity, etc. The liquidity ratio measures a business's ability to pay its short-term
debts, which is an important indicator of business's financial well-being. Qualitative data are facts and
figures based on opinion and personal interpretations. Businesses do not calculate asset-turnover and
market-value ratios to evaluate their ability to pay their short-term debts.
Offer credit. Before offering credit to a prospective customer, a business needs to analyze the customer's
financial status to determine if the customer has the money available to make payments on time and in
the full amount of the agreement. Businesses review a customer's income, assets, debt ratio, credit
history, etc., to determine if s/he is creditworthy. If the customer carries a high level of debt in relation to
his/her assets, it would be too risky for the business to offer credit because the customer is more likely to
become delinquent. Businesses include interest charges in their credit agreements because they need to
recoup the costs associated with offering credit. Businesses receive money at the point of purchase or
time of service for cash sales, so this option is not a reason for examining a customer's income. One
customer's income level is not a factor that prompts a business to restructure its business policies.
Loan application. Financial institutions consider many factors before granting a loan to a prospective
customer. Primary factors include the customer's credit history, credit score, assets, current income,
employment status, and debt ratio. If the customer carries a high level of debt in relation to his/her
assets, it would be too risky for the bank to grant a loan because the customer is more likely to become
delinquent or default on the loan. Banks do not analyze a customer's current level of debt before it
approves a service request or operating proposal. Customers file insurance claims with their insurance
agencies.
Aging-accounts. When customers do not pay their bills on time, it negatively affects businesses' cash
flow. Businesses need to receive customers' payments on time, so that they can pay business expenses
such as inventory and payroll. Businesses must continuously monitor aging accounts to identify
delinquent customers and collect overdue payments. Accounts-payable reports identify vendors to whom
the business owes money. Asset-depreciation reports summarize the decreased value of a business's
capital assets (e.g., equipment and vehicles). Asset allocation refers the variety of securities in an
individual's or business's investment portfolio.
Make reliable sales forecasts. Financial reports help businesses identify trends and patterns, which
helps guide their decision making. By monitoring and comparing inventory and sales reports, businesses
can identify which items sell best and when sales for these items tend to increase. This information helps
businesses develop reliable sales forecasts so they order enough stock and have it on hand when it is
needed. Identifying sales trends does not help the business monitor its general operating costs, measure
its long-term liabilities, or manage its sales staff effectively.
Exit interview. Exit interviews are discussions with employees who are leaving that are designed to gain
feedback for the business. Businesses often consider this feedback when making policy changes that
affect compensation, working conditions, etc. Application screening involves "weeding out" the applicants
that do not meet minimum requirements for the job or have not satisfactorily completed the application.
The human-resources function conducts onboarding activities when new employees join the company
(e.g., orientation, facility tour or familiarization, and paperwork).
Items are frequently backordered. When a business backorders items, customers do not receive goods
and services when they need them. If backorders occur on a frequent basis, customers' satisfaction
levels with the business decrease and customers look to competitors to obtain the products that they
want and need. Standing orders that ship on time, consistent product quality, and knowledgeable staff
are factors that have a positive impact on a business.
A database. Because of advances in technology, records that used to take up row upon row of filing
cabinets can now be kept on computers for quick and easy access, organization, and editing. These
databases are great advantages for businesses. Internet telephony refers to communications that take
place over the Web rather than over traditional public networks. This includes services like Vonage and
Skype, which are known as Voice over Internet Protocol. Expert systems are a special kind of computer
software designed to mimic the knowledge of a human expert. Automotive mechanics often use expert
systems to diagnose trouble in a car's engine. Computer automation is typically used in the
manufacturing industry to help companies plan and test products more efficiently or produce products in
more cost-effective ways.
True. Groupware allows users to share and brainstorm ideas that may improve work processes.
Groupware applications allow several people to interact from remote locations in many ways. Interaction
may include sharing written and verbal information, solving problems, making decisions, and
brainstorming new ideas, which is a creative-thinking technique. Groupware streamlines the work effort,
which allows users to complete their work more efficiently. Engaging in social interaction and
communicating policies and procedures are not the primary uses of groupware applications.
Cloud computing. Cloud storage involves housing business records in a database that is maintained by a
third party at an off-site database storage facility. Employees access the records through the Internet.
Rather than storing business records on a CPU, flash drive, or compact disk, businesspeople upload
their files to the Web and then save them to the remote database or “cloud.” Streaming video involves
downloading and viewing video on a computer or smartphone device in real time.
Product improvements helped boost sales. Statistics are information presented in numerical form.
Businesses use statistics to evaluate performance and identify trends. In the situation described, the
business used statistics to identify a specific increase in sales after it made improvements to a product.
There is not enough information provided to know how the statistical information relates to the company's
sales goals, sales forecasts, and research and development budget.
Make sure the facility is well-lit. Good lighting increases visibility, and that's very important when it
comes to preventing robberies. A dark store with poor visibility and many hiding spots is much easier to
rob. An employee should be sure to greet and make eye contact with each customer who walks into the
store. This lets would-be robbers know that they've been seen, which may make them less likely to steal.
Businesses should avoid hanging signs and posters on doors and windows, as these can make it harder
to see into the store. Anything that decreases visibility makes it easier for thieves to steal. It can be
dangerous for just one person to open and close a business each day. Instead, make sure to have two
people present at all times.
Technology. Successful project management depends on the use of appropriate technology, such as
scheduling and budgeting software. Successful project management does not depend on outsourcing,
foreign investments, or pressure tactics.
Use a formal selection process. Selecting a new vendor is a big decision. Depending on what service or
product you're buying, you could be investing a lot of money. Using a formal selection process is the
smartest and most effective way to make sure you find the vendor that's the best fit for your business.
Although you may trust your friend's recommendation, s/he might not share your ideas about what makes
a good vendor. It's best to find someone who fits your business's particular needs. Although continuing to
use a vendor you've used before isn't necessarily a bad choice, it's still a good idea to find out what other
options you have. There might be an even better vendor you just don't know about yet. It's certainly a
good sign if a vendor has positive online reviews, but that doesn't mean the vendor will automatically be
a good fit for you. Everyone has different needs, and what works for one company might not work for
yours.
Respect and honesty. A quality work culture begins with respectful and honest behavior throughout all
levels of the organization. This helps build trust, nurture creativity, and encourage collaboration within the
workplace. Management is responsible for defining or modeling the work culture. To create a quality work
culture, management communicates the organization's vision to employees, treats all employees fairly
through consistent policies, and empowers employees to do their best. Coercion, unpredictability, and
censorship tend to create a negative work environment.
Telephone service. Semi-variable costs are business costs that vary to some extent in relation to sales.
Telephone service is a semi-variable cost because the business pays a set amount for the service each
month and incurs other charges that vary per month, such as fees for long-distance calls. Salaried
employees are paid the same amount each pay period regardless of the number of hours they work;
therefore, salaries, as well as rent and property taxes, are fixed business costs.
Minimum. If you make the decision about dinner on your own without consulting your friends, you're
using a minimum-input style of decision making. In this style, the decision maker decides without help. In
a moderate-input style, the decision maker asks for some help before deciding. For example, you might
ask one of your friends what s/he'd like for dinner. In a maximum-input style, the decision maker and the
entire group decide together. If you were using a maximum-input style, you'd make sure to ask all of your
friends what they wanted to eat. Managing isn't a style of decision making.
Passion for a hobby. Entrepreneurial ventures often begin as hobbies such as sewing, baking, jewelry
making, or woodworking. Because Miguel enjoyed woodworking in his spare time, his business started
out as a hobby. There is not enough information to determine if Miguel wanted a more flexible schedule,
had technological knowledge, or needed more adventure in his life when he started his business.
Networking with others. Networking involves connecting with others for the purpose of professional
development or advancement. Many people obtain job leads by talking with family, friends, school
counselors and alumni, former supervisors and coworkers, etc. In the example, Tracy's friend worked for
the company that she was interested in working for. Tracy was not setting up a meeting; instead, she
hoped that David could influence the hiring manager to set up an interview. Although volunteering and
interning are ways to network with others, Tracy was not engaging in those activities in the situation
described.
Credit analyst. Credit analysts research and confirm loan applicants' employment, income, and credit
histories to ensure that the bank has the correct information. It is important to verify the accuracy of the
loan applicants' information to reduce risks associated with loan defaults. Credit analysts prepare reports
to submit to the loan committee and help in the loan approval process. The collections function involves
collecting past-due payments from customers. A chartered financial consultant is a licensed financial
advisor with special certification in retirement and estate planning. A bank agent or agent bank is an
intermediary in the banking industry.
Directing the preparation of financial reports. Controllers direct the preparation of financial reports such
as balance sheets and income statements and are often in charge of accounting and auditing for an
entire company. Actuaries work in the insurance industry and are responsible for assessing risks using
statistical analysis, and they design policies to minimize the cost of that risk. Underwriters also work in
the insurance industry and are responsible for calculating the risk of loss and establishing premium rates.
Real estate appraisers evaluate property values.
Maintain their professional certifications. Many professions—accounting, finance, medical, and education
—require certification to work in their fields. Because these fields are always changing, workers are
required to update their knowledge and skills to maintain their certifications. Continuing education often
involves taking classes and attending seminars and workshops. Professionals are not required to take
continuing education classes to improve their standard of living, demonstrate their emotional intelligence,
or supplement their existing income.
Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU). Insurance and financial certifications indicate that business
professionals have expertise in a particular area of insurance or finance. Because Annette establishes
premium rates and designs insurance policies, she is an insurance underwriter and is most likely to have
the Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) certification. Financial analysts seek the Certified Financial Analyst
(CFA) designation. A finance professional with a Chartered Investment Counselor certification (CIC) has
extensive knowledge in mutual funds. This individual often works for a large firm and manages the
mutual funds of very large clients or companies. Certified Financial Planner (CFP) is a certification sought
by financial planners.
Certified Mortgage Banker (CMB). Loan officers specialize in helping clients apply for loans. The Certified
Mortgage Banker (CMB) is a specialized certification for loan officers who work with home, commercial
building, or property mortgages (loans). Individuals who have a Certified Internal Auditor (CIA)
certification are usually responsible for assessing the accuracy of their companies' accounting records
and determining if their companies' internal controls are effective. Certified Information Systems Auditor
(CISA) is a licensure relating to the security of information technology and computer systems. Finance
professionals who specialize in annuities obtain the Certified Annuity Specialist (CAS) certification.
Participating in an appropriate professional organization. When finance professionals actively participate
(e.g., serve on committees) in appropriate (finance-related) professional organizations, they can network
and build relationships with others who work in their field. The remaining options are situations that
present networking opportunities for individuals who may or may not work in finance.
Personal gains, business ethics. Being ethical means doing the right thing. When Maggie misleads
customers on purpose, she is being unethical because she is lying. This behavior jeopardizes her
employer's reputation and may lead to noncompliance issues and lawsuits for the company. And
because Maggie's focus is on “getting ahead,” she is placing more importance on her personal gains
(career advancement) than she is on doing the right thing. Maggie is not being socially responsible, nor is
she focusing on corporate branding or the company's operating procedures.
Code of conduct to all employees. The code of conduct outlines the company's rules, policies,
procedures, and expectations regarding its employees' behavior in the workplace. A company should
communicate and document its code of conduct to all employees because employees' personal ethics
and values may differ from the company's ethics and values. When employees understand and follow the
company's ethical standards, the company is less likely to encounter risks that hurt its reputation or
cause it to become noncompliant. Terms-of-sale policies are sales policies that primary affect the
company's sales staff. Communicating product requirements to vendors is a purchasing activity. Open
corporations are legally required to communicate dividend payment information to their shareholders.
Stress testing. The foundation of stress-testing applications is to evaluate “what-if” scenarios to reduce
risk. Financial analysts use stress-testing applications to determine the stability of a specific financial
product (instrument) under different circumstances such as radical economic changes. By evaluating the
results of stress testing, businesses can determine how to best handle or change their investment
portfolios to minimize risk. Automated oversight is a form of risk-management that tracks individual
traders' risk limits and notifies management immediately if a trader exceeds her/his limit. Financial
businesses do not use financial compliance or threat-detection technology to evaluate investment “whatif”
scenarios.
Captive insurance companies. Organizations (i.e., corporations, industry/professional/trade associations)
often form their own insurance companies, which are known as captive insurance companies. Primary
advantages of forming captive insurance companies are that the founding organizations control the
premium rates and the claims process. If the organizations obtain insurance through the traditional or
standard insurance industry, they have no control over the premium amounts they pay or the ways in
which their claims are processed. Reinsurance carriers sell insurance to primary insurance carriers to
protect the primary carriers from unexpected, catastrophic losses.
Conduct background checks on job applicants. Because hiring and training employees is an expense for
businesses, they should ensure that the applicants' previous work experiences do not present business
risks for them. Because applicants are unlikely to discuss unfavorable past work experiences during an
interview, businesses need to take action to verify the information on their employment applications.
Employers should confirm the applicants' previous employment, verify their references, and conduct
background checks on applicants if needed. CopyIt may have reduced its liability by checking the drivers'
previous driving records and employment history before extending job offers to them. There is not
enough information provided to determine if the accidents involve substance abuse, so mandating
monthly drug testing for all employees may not prevent future driving accidents. Requiring current drivers
to take a driving exam every six months will not prevent the business from hiring unsafe drivers.
Human judgment. Because risk involves the possibility of loss, businesses must take steps to control
their levels of risk. In some situations, employees make poor decisions or mistakes, which may result in
lawsuits, illnesses, and accidents that are costly to businesses. To reduce these types of risks,
businesses should thoroughly train employees and continuously communicate the importance of
accuracy, safety, and security in the workplace. Market dynamics, trade agreements, and economic
conditions are external factors that affect businesses.
Internal expertise. An important aspect of controlling online risk is making sure that customers'
transactions are secure. Online transactions require customers to provide confidential information (e.g.
credit-card numbers), so businesses must have the technological tools and expertise to prevent
unauthorized access to the information. If a business does not have employees with the expertise to work
with this technology, the business should consider hiring a consultant or firm that has the knowledge and
training to handle its technological needs. Outsourcing requires a business to have the money (financial
resources) to pay for the services. Secondary data are facts and figures that have been collected for
purposes other than the project at hand.
