Distinctive names and symbols. Intellectual property is a type of intangible personal property that many businesses own. Businesses are able to obtain protection for certain types of intellectual property through a variety of laws. For example, a business can protect its distinctive name and symbol by registering a trademark. A trademark is a symbol, design, or word used by a business to identify a good or service. By registering its trademark, others are prohibited from using or copying it without the business's permission. Original novels and movies are protected by copyrights. New products and processes, and creative formulas and ideas may be protected with patents.
Rights of business. Many governmental agencies are responsible for enforcing rules and regulations that are intended to protect the rights of businesses. Some of these agencies help to keep the marketplace competitive and protect businesses' trade secrets and formulas from being stolen. The agencies often develop a strong relationship with businesses in the process of protecting their rights. Governmental agencies do not protect the barriers to trade, the target market, or the monetary policy.
Concentrating on remembering what the speaker says. One technique people use to improve listening skills is to make a conscious effort to try to focus and remember what the speaker says. Staying focused on the message and filtering out noise as much as possible improves the chances of remembering and accurately understanding the message. Listeners may want to be aware of their own body language
(e.g., facial expressions, crossed arms) because their nonverbal cues are also being interpreted by the speaker and can affect communication. However, monitoring one's own nonverbal cues does not necessarily mean that the listener takes control of the conversation. Thinking about how to respond to messages while the speaker is talking is a barrier to active listening. To decipher a message accurately, the listener must not only pay attention to the speaker's words but also to her/his nonverbal cues and voice tone. Nonverbal cues are not necessarily more important than tone of voice.
Yes, if the employee advises the customer that s/he will get the information and will respond to the customer as soon as possible. If an employee doesn't know the answer to a question, s/he should be honest with the customer. However, it is important for the employee to go a step further. This step might involve letting the customer know where s/he can find the information or for employee to obtain the information and provide the customer with an answer in a timely manner. Customers are more likely to respect an employee who is honest with them and is willing to do what s/he can to help them. Employees should not guess because the information they provide may be incorrect or misleading. Employees do not need to know every aspect of the business; however, they should learn enough about the business to know from where or from whom the customer can obtain the desired information.
Credibility. Credibility is achieved when the audience has confidence in the persuader. In this case, Dr.
Browne's prestigious job title and degree lead the audience to believe she is a credible source. Reason is when logic is used to persuade someone to do something. It often involves solid facts and statistics.
An emotional appeal affects the audience's feelings, such as sympathy or love. An appeal that uses shock value is a form of an emotional appeal that includes information that the audience would find shocking.
A statement of the report's purpose. The executive summary provides an overview of the entire report and contains the most important information included in the body of the report. The first section of the executive summary should inform the reader about the purpose of the report—the reason the report exists. For example, if the report addresses a specific business problem, the report should cite the problem in the purpose statement of the executive summary. Recommendations are addressed in the recommendations section of the report. A letter of authorization might be included in a proposal that a business submits to a potential client. By signing the letter of authorization, the client provides approval to proceed with an activity or project. The first section of an executive summary does not acknowledge sponsors. Sponsors support activities, events, or projects rather than reports.
Informal, because she knows the team members well and addresses them informally on a day-to-day basis. Short reports, such as emails, usually involve personal relationships where the communicators know each other well and comfortably address each other informally at the workplace and in written communications. Generally, email (especially those messages between people who know each other well) is used to quickly communicate, and therefore is written informally. A progress report gives members of a team or their supervisors information on the status of a project. It is not transmitted outside this group. Simple reports, such as those conveyed by email, do not adhere to the rules of a complex structured report. No title page or executive summary is necessary.
Recommendations. An analytical report is a document that explains and evaluates an issue, opportunity, or problem. A component of the analytical report is the recommendations section, which provides the reader with advice for resolving a problem or acting on an opportunity. The recommendations appear at the end of the report after background information, research, results, and facts have been presented.
Writers should include logical arguments for analytical reports in which the topic is controversial, and the audience may disagree with some of the report's information. By providing logical arguments, the writer is more likely to persuade the audience to accept the conclusions. An analytical report may address external factors or the progress of an action, but including this type of information depends on the nature of the report's topic.
Purpose of the study. A research report is a written document that summarizes an investigation related to a particular issue or problem. A research report contains many elements. The purpose of the study states why the topic at hand is being investigated. The purpose of the study should be described in the report's introduction, which is at the beginning of the report. Stating the purpose of the study is important because it lets readers know what they are reading and why. Proposed solutions to a problem (recommendations) are addressed near the end of the document after the research has been presented. The appendices are segments that include supporting information, and are added to the end of a document. The bibliography contains the list of resources from which the writer obtained information for the report. The bibliography is generally placed at the end of the research report—after the recommendations section and before the appendices.
Current salary. Certain information is considered personal and confidential and should not be shared with coworkers. An employee's salary is confidential information between the business and the employee and should not be divulged to others. Organizational tips, sales policies, and vacation plans are not considered confidential information, so it is generally okay for employees to share this information with coworkers if they want to.
Customer. Recognizing customers and calling them by name makes them feel welcome and important to the business. They appreciate the recognition and are likely to return to the business. Positive management and employer and employee relations involve those in the work situation.
Telling their customers the truth. A service orientation is the philosophy of providing quality service to customers. Businesses reinforce this orientation through communication. To be effective, the communication should be truthful and provide customers with accurate information and correct answers to their questions. Even if the answers are not the ones that customers want, they will respect the business for being truthful. For example, it is better to tell customers that their orders will be shipped in five days rather than promise shipment in two days if that is not possible. Businesses do not reinforce their service orientation through communication by distributing financial reports, sending directive memos, or writing appealing news releases.
Possession. Possession utility is usefulness created when the ownership of a product is transferred from the seller to the buyer. The ownership of the television set is transferred to the customer at the time of purchase. Place utility is usefulness created by making goods or services available at the place where they are needed or wanted by consumers. Form utility is usefulness created by altering or changing the form or shape of a good to make it more useful to consumers. Time utility is usefulness created when products are made available at the time they are needed or wanted by consumers.
Consumer demand. When demand for a product is high, production is increased to ensure that adequate quantities are available for sale. When demand is low, production is cut back to prevent the possibility of loss from surplus products that cannot be sold at prices high enough to cover the costs of production.
The utility, or usefulness, of a product helps to create consumer demand for that product. Demand may, or may not, be affected by factors in the environment.
Maximizing their profits. A business that maximizes its profits grows and is able to provide profits to stockholders, benefits to its employees, and jobs for more workers. To do this, the business must offer quality products at competitive prices rather than trying to produce low-priced products. Businesses are required by law to pay income tax. Their political donations must also follow legal guidelines since such gifts are more likely to be given to benefit the business than in an effort to be socially responsible.
Development of new products. Competition encourages businesses to develop new products in order to meet consumers' needs. Businesses feel that the company which best satisfies consumers will be the most successful company. Competition helps to control prices because businesses must keep prices in line with production costs in order to be competitive. Businesses must also maintain or improve product quality to be competitive. A monopoly exists when a market is controlled by one supplier, and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. No competition exists in a true monopoly.
Depression. In an economic depression, consumers often choose to save their incomes due to uncertainty about the future. Many of them also lose their jobs, so there is more incentive to save than to spend. In a period of economic expansion, consumers spend more and save less because they are optimistic about the future. During times of economic recession, consumers are inclined to save more and spend less; however, it is for a shorter time period than an economic depression. In an economic recovery, consumers begin to spend again because there is optimism about the future of the economy.
The GDP for China. MacIntosh computers produced in China would be part of the GDP for China, not for the U.S., because their production occurred outside the boundaries of the U.S. Government purchases include everything purchased by local, state, and federal governments. The manufacturing of computers in China contributes to China's economy but does not automatically create improvements to the community known as community revitalization.
An individualist society. An individualist society is one in which group ties are loose and everyone is expected to take care of himself/herself. When a person takes care of herself/himself, s/he is being selfreliant. Because self-reliant people are independent, they take pride in accomplishing goals on their own. Collectivism embraces interdependence, group affiliation, and team orientation. A long-term oriented society focuses on future rewards and values actions such as persistence.
Time. The concept of time is an important consideration when doing business with foreigners. In some cultures (e.g., Germany), punctuality is very important; therefore, it is important to be on time to any meetings or social gatherings. In other cultures, time is less important or is viewed differently. For example, in some countries, businesspeople will keep people waiting while they finish another activity, so that s/he can provide the visitor with his/her undivided attention. This action may appear rude to people in some cultures, while it is viewed as a courtesy in other cultures. Spatial issues refer to the amount of personal space (close, distant) different cultures allow during interpersonal interaction. Achievement is the level to which a person reaches his/her personal goals. Education is the type and level of training or schooling that a person has obtained.
Appropriate personal appearance. Personal appearance is the physical image an individual creates by how s/he looks and what s/he wears. In many countries such as Argentina, businesspeople are judged on their appearance; therefore, it is important to “dress for success” to communicate a professional attitude. The type of clothing that a person wears does not relate to his/her gestures, problem-solving skills, table manners, or business management style.
Language barriers. Misusing and mispronouncing words in another language can create a lot of misunderstandings and be very embarrassing in a business situation. When language is an issue, it is often best to hire a professional translator for meetings with foreign businesspeople. Nonverbal cues (body language) are gestures, facial expressions, and the way people carry their bodies. The example does not provide enough information to determine if Kevin and Mr. Suzuki have different work ethics or if they have attitude problems related to change.
Bribery. Gift giving practices vary greatly among countries. In some countries, it is customary, or expected, to give gifts in business situations. In China, gift giving is a ritual that promotes a sincere desire to build positive, collaborative business relationships. However, foreigners should not give Chinese businesspeople overly expensive or extravagant gifts, which may unintentionally suggest a bribe. Bribery is an illegal payment intended to secure business or products in return. Industrious means hardworking.
Monitor their behavior. A gesture, facial expression, or action may be perfectly acceptable in one culture but offensive in another culture. Therefore, a businessperson should become familiar with a foreign country's customs, attitudes, and codes of acceptable conduct before important business meetings, so s/he does not behave in an offensive manner. Although it is important to dress appropriately, verify language translations, and understand the country's attitude of punctuality (time), these actions do not relate to the nonverbal cues or body language presented in the example.
Gender. Gender refers to an individual's sex—male or female. Different cultures have different expectations and rules in terms of gender roles. In Saudi Arabia, men play a dominate role in business situations, and woman take on more passive roles. By doing research about the Saudi Arabian culture,
Andrea learned ways to adapt to the Saudi Arabian culture during the meeting. The situation does not illustrate cultural differences related to age, negotiation style, or cognitive intelligence.
Promise. The employee is, in effect, promising to do a specific job for the employer to the best of his/her ability at an agreed-upon salary. There is no guarantee that this will happen, just an understanding. This should not present a challenge to the employer. A proposal is a suggestion or an idea presented for consideration.
Cynthia admitted to her supervisor about the billing mistake that she made on the Andrew's account.
When you are willing to accept the consequences (good and bad) of your behavior, which is based on the decisions you make, you are taking responsibility for your actions. Because Cynthia admitted that she had made a billing mistake, she is accepting the responsibility for her behavior. Taking responsibility for your actions often involves admitting and learning from your mistakes and trying to do better in the future.
Emily was not being honest and accepting responsibility for leaving the door unlocked when she didn't tell her supervisor about her mistake. When you blame others for your actions, you are not accepting responsibility for your behavior, which is what Pete did when he complained about Brenda's carelessness in relation to the group's project report, and what Larry did when he required Bob to make a decision.
Manage your work commitments effectively. By planning ahead and determining how long it will take you to complete your tasks, you can better manage your commitments. Planning your work helps you to avoid scheduling too many activities that are close together, which may cause you problems in maintaining commitments. Planning your workload also reduces procrastination, which is putting tasks off until the last minute. Training and practice, rather than planning ahead, will help you to improve your technical skills. Planning ahead and estimating the time it will take to complete various tasks will not reduce your workload, but will help you work more efficiently.
Indifferent. The salespeople are displaying indifference or a lack of interest. Negative people are often indifferent and show little interest in their own activities or the activities of others. Salespeople with a positive attitude would be interested in their jobs and interested in helping customers. A pessimistic attitude is a gloomy outlook—expecting the worst. Salespeople who have a constructive attitude are helpful and useful.
Fear. Regardless of whether the change is great or small, many people seem to fear and resist change.
Any change has the potential to threaten a person's security. People who are decisive, disciplined, and self-confident may still fear change, but these traits help them to overcome their fears and make necessary changes.
Violate. In a free society, we have the right to express our thoughts, feelings, and opinions in ways which do not infringe upon or violate the rights of others. We should support and respect the rights of others, but we may not be able to influence them.
Everyone has a unique perspective. Consensus building creates high-quality solutions because every group member brings a unique perspective to the table. This mix of ideas and expertise helps the group to come up with the best solutions and decisions possible. Consensus building can be very timeconsuming, but this is not why it creates high-quality solutions. In consensus building, the group should consider as many different ideas as possible. Consensus means that everyone has equal power.
Being an example. Taking responsibility for your team's success or failure as it works toward the vision is being an example and a sure sign of solid leadership. This responsibility does not necessarily relate to working relationships, demonstrating enthusiasm, or being a good listener.
Superior. Persons with this attitude are often inconsiderate, which causes poor working relationships with others. Mature persons respect themselves and others. Persons with feelings of inferiority think others are better than themselves. A defeatist is a person with a negative attitude.
Travel and entertainment card. These cards are especially popular with travelers who do not wish to carry large amounts of cash. Customers must have an excellent credit rating to obtain a card and are billed monthly. An unsecured loan is an amount of money borrowed by an individual or business by signing a note promising to repay the loan. An installment credit account is a credit account set up to handle one total amount of credit that is to be paid off in regular installments. Budget credit accounts are a form of short-term credit with a payment due every 30 days.
Read all paperwork carefully. Lyla should make sure she has read and understood all of the paperwork associated with the loan before signing it. She should be up front about her financial situation, so she should not inaccurately report her debts or overstate her assets. She should never sign a blank document, as doing so can lead to fraud.
Obtaining a report from a credit bureau. By reviewing her credit-history reports, Jane can determine if there are any problems or discrepancies with her credit and work to get them resolved. Individuals and businesses can obtain credit reports from an authorized credit bureau. The credit report contains a credit rating, which "scores" the individual's ability or willingness to pay previous loans. Individuals often validate their credit history before applying for additional credit to make sure that the information in the history is accurate. Businesses review a person's credit report to make decisions about extending credit to him/her. Jane cannot obtain her credit rating by adding together her credit-card balances or by applying for an account with a credit union. A credit union is a financial cooperative set up to provide savings and credit services to its members—usually within a business or labor union. Although an employer may obtain an employee's credit report from an authorized credit bureau, the employer may not have the most current information on file.
Financial loss. A decrease in the availability of raw materials, supplies, or products needed by a business are economic risks that can result in financial loss for the business. For example, a decrease in the availability of petroleum can cause business's transportation costs to skyrocket. High interest rates is a business condition that can create economic risks. The involvement of government in the regulation of business may cause financial loss for some businesses. High turnover, rather than low turnover, is an economic risk.
To know whether they have made a good investment. Individuals who have invested their money in a business are its stockholders, and they are interested in the profits shown on the firm's accounting reports. This information tells them whether they have made a good investment or should change their investment to another company. Stockholders usually receive dividends from the business. Accounting reports do not show planned changes or employee benefits.
Summarizes expenses and revenue from sales. A profit-and-loss statement is a business's financial picture that lists all revenue and expenses for a certain time period. A profit-and-loss statement is not the same as a balance sheet. Characteristics of a balance sheet include listing assets and liabilities and showing the owner's financial position.
Return on capital. Return on capital is a measure of how well a business generates cash flow. It is a key component of managing working capital. Accounts receivable refers to money owed to the business by others. Capital structure refers to a business's mix of financing. Accounts payable refers to the money the business owes to others.
Company handbook. Many businesses develop company handbooks that they give to new employees during the orientation process. The handbooks usually contain information about company policies and procedures and employee benefits and responsibilities. The information in the handbook answers many of the questions that new employees often have about the company. Annual reports and promotional brochures do not contain the type of business information that is useful to new employees. Application forms are completed before employees are hired and begin the orientation process.
Explicit knowledge. Explicit knowledge is knowledge or information consisting of words, numbers, codes, processes, and formulas that are easily stored, shared, and quantified (measured). The president of the company was communicating specific, measurable, numerical data. Tacit knowledge is knowledge consisting of personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Speculation is hearsay or rumor.
Withholding information. When an employee is unwilling to share information that will help the company improve its performance, achieve a competitive advantage, or develop innovative processes, an ethical issue may exist. In the example, the employee is unwilling to share information because s/he has a personal issue with another employee. Although Bob's motives may be considered unethical by some people, he was not exhibiting unlawful behavior, providing misleading facts, or embezzling company money or property.
Webcam. A webcam is a video camera that attaches to a personal computer and transmits real-time images through the Internet. Webcams are tools that many businesses use to share information and knowledge through videoconferences with people who are located in different geographic locations.
Filters are computer programs that block out unwanted information (e.g., spam). A hyperlink is a component of an electronic document that can be clicked on in order to jump to another place within the document or into a different document. A kiosk is a stand-alone structure located in public places and is designed to provide information and sell products.
Wiki. Tacit knowledge is personal opinions, experiences, expertise, or understanding that is not easily articulated, stored, or quantified. Tacit knowledge is an employee's personal "know-how" that affects the ways in which s/he does his/her job. Businesses often struggle to capture their employees' tacit knowledge, which can be helpful in achieving or exceeding the businesses' goals. Some businesses are using Wikis to facilitate the sharing of information among employees in remote locations. A Wiki application is a Web-based networking tool that allows individuals or groups to store and share their expertise, resources, and ideas. Codification is the process of assigning a means of measurement to something. Businesses use spreadsheets to calculate and summarize numerical data. An Intranet is a business's internal computer network.
Sign a nondisclosure agreement. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. Nondisclosure agreements provide businesses with legal protection if a competitor attempts to use the information for financial gain or benefit. Developing a mission statement, analyzing annual financial reports, and completing standard personnel forms are not actions that will reduce the risk of employees sharing confidential knowledge with industry rivals.
Observation. Observation involves obtaining information by watching others perform a task or activity. A business can obtain knowledge about work-task processes by observing employees performing their jobs. The manager is not rationalizing or imitating the employee's behavior. There is not sufficient information provided to determine if the manager is asking questions or interrogating the employee.
Promotion. The promotion function helps to create an image or impression of a business. For example, a business might want to change its image to attract a different or expanded target market. Coordinated promotional activities will get the message across. Advertising and public relations are promotional methods that businesses might use to create an image. Selling involves determining client needs and wants and responding through planned, personalized communication that influences purchase decisions and enhances future business opportunities.
How do we obtain information about our customers in ways that do not violate their privacy? Businesses can track their customers' purchasing habits in many ways—from Internet surfing activities to point of sale data. Businesses must carefully weigh how to obtain, store, release, and use this information to protect their customers' right to privacy. Society values this right, and if it is breached (e.g., selling customer lists to third parties without customer authorization), customers may go to competitors to purchase goods and services. When developing credit policies, businesses establish criteria and must identify the information they need to determine their customers' ability to pay. Research methods used in a competitive analysis and sources of primary and secondary research are not directly associated with the business's ethics and its customer-related data.
Include voice narration. Many multimedia software programs have options that allow sound (e.g., voice or ringing bell) to be included to add interest to the presentation. Sound should be appropriately placed and pertinent to the presentation theme. Businesses use spreadsheet software to make, document, and calculate numerical data. Businesses do not use presentation software to analyze organizational progress.
Performing financial calculations. Spreadsheet software enables businesses to perform accounting, financial, and other mathematical functions. A user can enter numerical information in rows and columns, and the software will perform various calculations or analyses. For example, spreadsheet programs can calculate sales forecasts and develop budget projections. Presentation software is used to create slide presentations. Desktop publishing software is used to prepare promotional brochures. Database software is used to manage database files.
Upload the page to the web server. After creating the page using a web site design program, the user needs to upload the page to the web server, which is where all of the business's web pages are stored.
Because Haley is working with an existing web site, she already has a domain name or web address for the site. The Internet service provider may offer web hosting services. An intranet is an internal network of computers within an organization.
Corporate-level. Large businesses often have many projects occurring at the same time. In some situations, different projects need to access the same data. Corporate-level project-management software is a powerful tool because it provides the ability to track hundreds of tasks and several projects at one time. Corporate-level project-management software typically provides cost accounting, resource leveling, "what-if" analyses, charting, and reporting capabilities. Some corporate-level software programs allow businesses to select other software options to accommodate their specific needs. Single-project programs are used for individual (single) projects. Scheduling software has fewer options than corporate level programs, and contains primarily scheduling, Gnatt charts, and presentation capabilities. Costing is a software capability rather than a type of project-management software program.
To forecast future sales. Businesses maintain a variety of records about the quantities and types of products that customers are purchasing. These records are usually known as sales records. By analyzing past sales records, businesses can determine what customers are buying, when they are buying, and how much they are buying. This helps a business forecast future sales so it can be prepared to offer the products that customers want. Businesses do not maintain records about what customers are purchasing to develop new displays, plan credit programs, or organize special events.
Inventory report. An inventory report captures information about the status of the firm's supplies or products. For example, the inventory report may indicate that the firm is running low on copy paper for the photocopier, and that the paper should be ordered so the firm does not run out. An income statement
(profit-and-loss statement) is a financial summary that shows how much money the firm has made or has lost over a period of time. A SWOT analysis is a summary of the firm's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. A credit report provides information about the firm's or its customers' credit history.
Sharing a vendor's competitive bid information with another supplier. It is unfair for a business to share a vendor's bid information with another supplier because it provides one supplier with an advantage over the other. Using negotiating techniques to obtain concessions, developing scorecards to evaluate suppliers' performance levels, and setting deadlines for bids are ethical activities.
Workplace safety. Governments develop regulations to ensure the safety of workers. Workers often operate dangerous equipment, so businesses must ensure that the equipment is maintained and safe to use to reduce the risk of injury. Some government regulations require that businesses have equipment inspected on a regular basis by a government agent or independent entity to ensure that the business is complying with safety regulations. Environmental laws regulate chemical emissions. Employment laws regulate discrimination in the workplace. Computer and cyberspace laws regulate technical security.
When immediate treatment is essential. If an accident is serious, and the victim's life is threatened, first aid should be administered until medical help arrives. Neither the business nor the law can require anyone to administer first aid. Good Samaritan Laws protect individuals from liability when administering first aid, but they should not be the determining factor in deciding whether first aid should be administered.
To reduce the possibility of loss. Businesses establish security procedures, which are activities that employees should follow to protect the business from loss. These security procedures are intended to reduce the risk of robbery, assault, and other violent crimes, all of which might result in a loss for the business. For example, robbery usually results in financial loss. Employees do not follow established security procedures to create a pleasant facility, avoid the risk of accidents, or develop a healthy environment.
Completing a status report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that will occur in an hour. An important aspect of prioritizing work is determining how long a task will take to complete in relation to the due date or timeline. Completing a report that takes 45 minutes to prepare for a meeting that is occurring in an hour should be the employee's top priority because the meeting is scheduled to occur before any of the other tasks listed need to be completed. The employee can photocopy the document, prepare the purchase order, and make restaurant reservations after completing the report and presenting it during the meeting.
Gavin orders inventory based on the forecast that Madelyn has prepared for him. Gavin does not know the type and amount of inventory to order until Madelyn provides him with the forecast that she has prepared. Therefore, Gavin and Madelyn's work activities are interdependent—they must work together and coordinate their work efforts to achieve the business's goals. Unpacking a shipment and placing the items on shelves and reviewing a monthly financial report are not situations that indicate employees are coordinating their work efforts. Sarah and Shelley are working independently rather than coordinating their efforts.
Scope creep. Scope creep occurs whenever the requirements for a project change or grow. In this case, a walking/jogging trail was not one of the original requirements of the landscape design plan. It is a requirement that the client is adding midway through the project. Backing in is a scheduling process that involves working your way through a project from the end to the beginning to identify activities that must be completed, along with their associated timeframes. Fast tracking is a scheduling process that involves performing more than one activity concurrently to get the project done in a shorter amount of time.
Micromanagement occurs when an individual unnecessarily involves himself/herself in the work of others that s/he has asked the others to complete.
Vendor. A vendor is a supplier of goods or services. Jane orders her goods from a vendor. Jane is a type of business known as a retailer who purchases merchandise from manufacturers or wholesalers and resells it in small quantities to consumers. A trade mission is a group of volunteer businesspeople sponsored by a government to inform exporters about foreign markets. A craft union is a union made up of workers with a particular skill.
Have a cooperative orientation. When a business has a cooperative orientation, it is willing to work with other businesses to achieve their mutual goals. Having a cooperative orientation involves a willingness to share relevant information, to negotiate fairly (assertively), and to be trustworthy and reliable. Using aggressive negotiation tactics will likely not maintain favorable relationships with vendors. In fact, this action is likely to create conflict. A business does not need to use a decentralized buying structure to maintain favorable relationships with vendors. Insufficient information is provided to determine whether the return policies will help or hinder relationships with vendors.
Partnerships. A business that has a cooperative orientation is willing to work with its vendors to achieve their mutual goals. Having a cooperative orientation involves a willingness to share relevant information and being fair, trustworthy, and reliable. When these circumstances exist, the buyer-seller relationship is similar to a long-term partnership. Viewing vendors as obligations or rivals may create conflict rather than build positive working relationships.
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a business's product requirements for a certain period of time. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally carry in stock. A service order is a request for service, such as an equipment repair or installation. A referral is a recommendation rather than a type of purchase order.
Grain, minerals, leather, and oil. Businesses (e.g., manufacturers) usually maintain an inventory of items that they use to produce their goods. Grain, minerals, leather and petroleum are examples of products that a business might use to make cereal, jewelry, coats, and gasoline, respectively. Paper, bolts and leather may be classified as raw materials, if they are being used to produce finished goods. Ore is a mineral. Staplers, tables, and household cleansers are finished goods.
Concession. A concession is something that one party gives up during a negotiation. In many situations, one party will give up something that it wants and use it (the concession) as leverage to get something else that it wants later in the negotiation process. Withdrawal is a conflict response mode in which one or both parties exhibit passive behavior and express a low level of cooperation. A plea is a request. A position is what someone believes about an idea or issue.
Define the gaps between customer satisfaction and the company's capabilities. Before any measures can be taken or improvements made, a company needs to find out what its customers want and if it is meeting those wants and needs. Once the gaps between what customers want and what the company is delivering are identified, the company can determine how it will measure improvement. Data are then collected and reviewed. After that, improvements are made and continually monitored.
Invest elsewhere. Corporations are owned by their stockholders. These businesses are expected to earn money for their owners and to pay them regular dividends on their investments. If a business does not make enough profit to do this, investors are likely to sell their stock and to invest in another company. If a corporation was unable to pay dividends, it is unlikely that stockholders would buy additional shares.
Stockholders do not reduce earnings or organize takeovers.
Production. Business analysis is the process of investigating and evaluating a business issue, problem, process, or approach. Analysis helps the business determine if it is accomplishing goals or if it needs to make adjustments, so it can accomplish its goals. Businesses analyze many types of situations.
Production is the process of producing goods and services. When the business detects production problems (e.g., output decreases), it needs to obtain data to find out why problems are occurring, so it can take the appropriate steps to resolve the problem. Distribution is the business function of moving or transferring the ownership of goods or services from producers to consumers. Finance is the business function that involves the management of money. Human resources are the people who work to produce goods and services. There is not enough information provided to determine if the production issues relate to the production-workers' performance levels, raw materials and inventory shortages, or equipment malfunctions.
Height and bone structure. You are at an appropriate weight when your weight is proportionate to your height and bone structure. Most charts that show ranges of healthy weights are set up according to height and frame. Good nutrition can help you to maintain an appropriate weight at any age. Getting enough sleep can contribute to health and appearance. Personal grooming includes all efforts to maintain personal appearance.
Keeping a time log. Keeping a time log helps you get a better idea of when you're most productive, as well as how you're actually spending your time and what your personal "time thieves" are. Identifying objectives, creating "to-do" lists, and setting goals do not help you understand when you're most productive.
To locate unadvertised openings. Many businesses have employment offices that maintain lists of all available job openings. The businesses may not advertise all of these positions but rely on potential employees to contact the business to find out about the available openings. Some businesses list jobs on bulletin boards outside the employment office in order to make it convenient for interested persons to learn about openings. After a person applies for a job, an interview is scheduled if the business has an interest in hiring that person. Potential employees do not meet with department managers when they are searching for job openings. Contacting other applicants is not a reason for visiting a business's employment office.
Lengthy. Effective résumés should provide sufficient information to adequately explain the applicant's qualifications without being lengthy. Most employers have limited time and want to be able to obtain the important information in a résumé as quickly as possible. The ideal résumé is one page in length and presents important facts in as few words as possible. The information in a résumé should be concise but also as specific and detailed as necessary in order to provide an accurate explanation of the applicant's qualifications.
Questioning other people or contacting group headquarters. Asking other people in their profession, industry, or geographic area and contacting organization/association headquarters found in telephone directories or library listings are methods that may help prospective members find an organization/association which meets their needs. Purchasing an advertisement is costly and unnecessary. Waiting to be sent an invitation is time consuming and usually impractical.
Reprimand Dora. An employer expects her/his employees to follow the business's rules of conduct, which are the business's policies and expectations of appropriate workplace behavior. If an employee violates the business's rules of conduct, the business may take disciplinary action. Disciplinary action might include a verbal reprimand or warning for less serious infractions, such as arriving late to work. Other disciplinary actions might include counseling, revoking privileges, and implementing unpaid suspensions. Serious offenses may result in dismissal. The business is unlikely to promote Dora, assign her additional responsibilities, or excuse her tardiness.
Jim, the production-line supervisor. The chain of command defines the level of authority and identifies the specific individual who supervises particular employees. Having a chain of command helps provide structure for business. As a production-line worker, Sally should report problems to the production-line supervisor (Jim). The production-line supervisor reports to the production-section manager (Tom). The production-section manager is likely to report to the production manager, but possibly the operations manager (Linda). Executive-level managers in charge of various operations functions report to the vice president of operations (Sylvia).
Consumer. Businesses set different types of organizational goals. When a business sets standards to accommodate the target market's needs and wants, it is setting consumer-oriented goals. Employees often use technology to carry out the activities used to achieve the business's consumer goals. Financial goals are objectives that are measured in terms of money.
Evaluating the employee's performance. A business sets the employee's work goals. The employee's work goals should help the business achieve its overall organizational goals. To determine if the employee is achieving his/her work goals, the business should evaluate the employee's performance. If the employee is achieving his/her work goals, then s/he is helping the business to achieve its organizational goals. If the employee is not achieving her/his work goals, then s/he might need additional training to improve performance. Analyzing external economic factors and developing an incentive program will not help the business determine if an employee is helping the business to achieve its organizational goals.
Adequate training. Employees carry out the work so the business can achieve its organizational goals. To achieve the business's organizational goals, the business's employees must know how to perform their jobs. Because each business functions differently, it is important for a business to provide its employees with training. When employees are well-trained, and they understand what is expected of them, they have the knowledge to perform their work efficiently. Not all jobs require employees to possess comprehensive analytical skills or to obtain detailed reports. Because businesses have finite resources
(i.e., staff, parts, equipment, money), they provide necessary, rather than unlimited, resources for employees to perform their work.
Why are we doing this project? The purpose of the project defines the reason for the project. Defining the purpose is critical because the project's goals, activities, and deliverables are based upon the purpose statement. To define the purpose, stakeholders need to determine why the project needs to be done.
What the project will produce is asked when determining deliverables. Questions about the materials and the project team are related to resources that will be needed to complete the project.
Organize the work in a logical sequence. A work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Creating the WBS involves organizing everything that needs to be done in a logical sequence, to ensure that the project's goals are achieved and deliverables are delivered on time. The project's benefits and stakeholders are identified in the statement of work (SOW). Monitoring human resources and supplies is a management activity.
Delegating work. An important aspect of managing a project team is delegating work to team members.
Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person. Project managers need to match project tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform the necessary tasks and activities. Corrine is not monitoring processes, providing guidance, or evaluating performance in the presented situation.
Documenting results. An important part of closing a project is documenting the project's results. This involves advising the stakeholders of the project's outcomes, which is often provided in a formal report. Setting goals, selecting resources, and assigning tasks in a logical sequence are activities that take place when initiating a project.
Closing. When a project has been completed, the project manager returns the equipment and supplies to vendors or departments and releases team members to their previous duties. During the implementation phase, the team members use the resources to perform project tasks. During the planning phase, the project manager determines the resources that will be needed to complete the project. The stakeholders define the project's purpose during the initiation phase of the project.
Improvement. Quality management is the coordination of resources to ensure the degree of excellence of a process, good, or service. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Quality assurance is the processes involved in checking processes or products to ensure that they are consistently meeting the business's quality standards. Deviation is the degree to which a process or product does not meet the business's quality standards.
Six Sigma. Six Sigma is a popular quality management framework used by businesses around the world to ensure that their products are high quality and deliver maximum value to customers. These businesses usually rely on certain specially-trained personnel to implement Six Sigma methodologies. These individuals are known as Master Black Belts, Black Belts, Green Belts, etc. ITIL, which stands for Information Technology Infrastructure Library, consists of a set of publications which specify how to provide high quality information technology (IT) services and ensure effective IT service management. Organizations use CMMI, short for Capability Maturity Model Integration, to increase process effectiveness and improve overall business performance. CMMI can be used in three distinct areas: product/service development, product/service management, and product/service acquisition. Neither ITIL
Increase efficiency. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. The improvement of processes is often related to increased efficiency. When a business wants to improve efficiency, it is looking for ways to maximize the use of its resources, such as money and time. It might also involve applying employees' skills in new and different ways, which will streamline processes and improve efficiency. Continuous improvement may or may not involve finding ways to motivate employees, encouraging employees' creativity, or communicating more effectively.
The employees' personal ethics may differ from the business's ethics. Ethics are the basic principles that govern your behavior. Because people differ, their personal ethics often differ. Employees often view ethics differently when they encounter "gray" situations, or situations in which there is not a clear right or wrong action or answer. Therefore, it is important for a business to clearly communicate its code of ethics to its employees, so they understand how they are to behave in business situations. By communicating the business's code of ethics in the workplace, the business is controlling or reducing its risk of potential legal problems (e.g., lawsuits) and financial losses, which may occur when employees do not know the business's ethical expectations and rules. Businesses often document ethical issues and expectations in their employee handbooks. Ethics are a stable pattern of behavior exhibited over time. Therefore, businesses do not frequently change their ethics. Governments do not require all businesses to offer ethics training programs.
What-if planning. Companies often use computer software programs to analyze their levels of risk in different business functions. The software calculates a company's risk levels in a variety of scenarios based on different types of data queries. By establishing queries using different combinations of data, the company obtains results under many circumstances. The company analyzes the quantitative results of each scenario and uses them to make business decisions. This process is “what-if” planning. Qualitative research is a study based on opinion or expertise. Top-down forecasting is a method of predicting sales.
During the product-development process, businesses conduct product feasibility studies to determine the advantages and disadvantages of producing a certain good or service.
Negligence. A customer may file a negligence lawsuit against a business if s/he feels that the business has failed to protect her/him from harm or wrongdoing. To minimize their chances of being sued for negligence, risk managers and business owners develop specific policies and procedures to protect customers from being injured and to avoid being blamed for customer injuries, if they occur. An individual may file a private nuisance lawsuit if s/he has been unable to live peacefully at home as a result of a neighbor's barking dog, teenagers having a loud party nearby, etc. If someone fails to fulfill his/her contract (e.g., does not complete promised work, does not pay for services rendered, etc.), the individual or company who entered into that contract with the violator might file a breach-of-contract against him/her. People file discrimination lawsuits when they feel that they were treated unfairly because of their race, religion, gender, or other characteristic.
Staffing. Staffing enables the business to have employees who know how to do the company's work or are capable of learning how to do it. In a large business, a separate department usually handles staffing because it is a full-time responsibility to keep up with the staffing needs of the business. Planning is deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Directing is providing guidance to workers and work projects. Controlling is monitoring the work effort.
Planning. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique that is often used during the planning process. Deciding what will be done involves establishing objectives. After establishing objectives, the business can implement processes to achieve those objectives. The business analyzes its performance to determine if it achieved its objectives.
Organizing. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done. A primary organizing activity is establishing levels of authority. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the company. Controlling is the management function that monitors the work effort. Evaluating is a controlling activity.
Training. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. A primary staffing function involves training the employees to perform the work correctly. Recruiting is the staffing function of finding workers to perform the work. Interviewing involves meeting with job applicants to assess their skills and to determine if they are a good fit for open positions. Appraising is an activity that involves evaluating an employee's work performance.
Directing. Directing is the management function of providing guidance to workers and work projects. Because the supervisor is providing a new line worker with information or instructions about how to perform a task, s/he is engaged in the directing function of management. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for the business. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished. Organizing is the management function of setting up the way the business's work will be done.
Finances. Controlling the finances of a business is critical if the business wants to succeed. Managers need to understand the finances and be able to use financial tools, such as income statements and balance sheets, to monitor the business's income and expenses. Managers need to be prepared to take action to correct problems with the bottom line if financial controls indicate that the business is losing money. It is not possible to control competitors. Benefits and incentives are advantages or payments employees receive in addition to their wages. Businesses usually establish benefit and incentive programs that are comparable to those of similar businesses in the same industry. Reducing benefits and incentives is a step that managers might take if they identify a problem with the business's finances.
Concurrent control. Concurrent controls monitor business activities as they are being performed. The assistant bank manager watched and listened to her tellers carrying out their jobs, realized that there was a problem, and immediately corrected the problem. Preventive controls take place before a business activity takes place, while feedback controls occur after a business activity has been completed. Post controls, more commonly referred to as postcontrols, are feedback controls.
