Limited. A limited partnership permits a partner to invest in a business but have limited liability. For example, the amount of the financial responsibility could be limited to the amount the partner invested. Or, a partner could limit his/her time involved in managing the business. Close and "S" are types of corporations. A franchise is a contractual agreement between a parent company and a franchisee to distribute goods and services. Since franchises can be proprietorships, partnerships, or corporations, more information would be needed in this question for franchise to be the correct response.
Follow the written directions in the proper sequence. The first step in applying written directions to perform tasks usually involves reading the directions. Employees need to understand the written directions before they can apply them. If employees do not read the directions and apply them in the proper sequence, they may perform the tasks incorrectly. Therefore, reading the directions for understanding and meaning is an important step. The use of shortcuts to complete a task may or may not be included in the manual's written directions.
Poor lighting and noise. Environmental distractions, such as poor lighting or noise, are aspects of the setting that take away from a listener's ability to listen. The speaker's appearance, manner, and personal matters that cause us to worry may also be distractions, but they are not part of the environment.
What type of training do you provide for this position? Relevant questions are types of questions that pertain to the issue at hand. If an applicant is interviewing for a job, the applicant would ask the interviewer questions about the company, job responsibilities, job training, professional development, etc. It would be inappropriate to ask the interviewer about his/her salary, nearby restaurants, and sales- department shortfalls—these questions are irrelevant to the issue at hand.
Anger. Nonverbal cues are the elements of communication that use gestures and facial expressions rather than the use of words. Nonverbal behavior can indicate what the sender and/or the receiver think about a message. If the recipient responds to a message by frowning and clenching his/her fists, it is likely that the message has made the recipient angry. Message recipients might cry or cover their faces with their hands if the message contains sad news. Smiling and jumping up and down usually indicate that a message contains good news, which indicates joy. A message recipient might express nervousness by tapping their toes, shaking, twitching, or biting fingernails.
Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas. This process is called steppingstones or triggers, and it is encouraged in brainstorming because one person's ideas can easily trigger new and different ideas. It is not considered stealing, but instead is an important part of working together to build on each other’s ideas to find more ideas. Adding a steppingstone idea to a brainstorming list is not a form of evaluating the original ideas. All ideas are considered equal in a brainstorming session, including those that are very outlandish or outrageous.
Thank the caller. Answering the telephone and taking messages for coworkers is often part of an employee's everyday routine. It is important for the employee to properly handle the call, and this involves thanking the caller. In many cases, the caller is a customer who is leaving an important message. Therefore, the person taking the call should always thank the caller for contacting the business. The employee taking the message should obtain the necessary information, but does not need to write a detailed explanation or write an inquiry. It is usually not necessary to contact a supervisor unless there is a problem that must be addressed immediately. It is not appropriate to file the information
Few friends talking about football. If the group's purpose is to give and find out opinions, the way the group operates is casual. No real "rules" exist beyond the normal standards of common courtesy. When the football players run laps during practice, they are likely to operate under the direction of the coach. In a similar way, selecting a strategy or play or starting a football camp may require a more formal group discussion.
Deductive. Information can be organized and ordered in many different ways, including deductively, chronologically, geographically, and by value. However, in the business world, most information is organized in deductive order. The deductive approach is also sometimes called the direct approach because it involves presenting the main ideas, recommendations, and most important information first. Less significant information such as examples and reasons are presented later in the report. Zeke would be wise to provide his recommendations for incorporating social-media promotional strategies first and following his recommendations with specific examples of how these strategies could be used by the company. Chronological order puts information in sequence according to time. Geographical order puts information in order based on the geographic location of items. When organizing information by value, a writer presents topics in order of numerical value or size.
Be clear and easy to understand. The receiver cannot always ask the writer questions; therefore, written communications should be concise and clearly stated. They should get quickly to the point by using short and simple sentences. The written copy should only contain technical language when it is appropriate and will be understood by the receiver. Most business writing tends to be impersonal, but it is not necessary to be totally impersonal.
Appendix. Supplemental information for long or complex reports is presented in an appendix, which is a separate section placed at the end of a report. The information in the appendix might contain graphs, text, or a combination of both elements. A bibliography is a component of a report that summarizes the information sources that the writer used to prepare the report. An executive summary is an overview of the entire report. The table of contents is the portion of a long report in which the sections are listed with their page numbers.
Signature. Text appearing at the bottom of an e-mail that indicates a person's or business's identity and contact information is known as the e-mail signature. Many businesses require their employees to include a signature identifying themselves and their contact information in all of their outgoing e-mail. An e-mail attachment is a computer file that is sent with an e-mail message. An e-mail carbon copy is a duplicate of an e-mail that is sent to someone else in addition to the primary recipient(s) of the message. E-mail etiquette refers to a set of rules specifying how to behave and conduct oneself when writing and/or replying to e-mails.
Dear Accounting Manager:. The salutation addresses the person to whom you are writing, either by name or by title. It is generally followed by a colon. "Dear Sir" or "Dear Madam" would be incorrect since the gender of the individual is unknown. "Dear" would not be used in writing to a department. A more appropriate form would be "Attention: Accounting Department."
An inquiry. Inquiries are written to ask for more information concerning a product or service. An application is a form requesting acceptance into an organization, group, or company. A short report gives brief details about a project, product, or service. A proposal suggests a course of action to be taken.
Drop notes in a suggestion box. Suggestion boxes allow employees to write out ideas and drop them in at any time. Management may not have time to listen or may not want to be bothered during lunch or during their own time away from work. Discussing the idea with a friend of management involves the risk that the idea may not be passed on, and/or the other person may take the credit.
Downward communication. When management sends messages to lower-level employees, it is often called downward communication. External networking is communicating with people or businesses outside the company. Lateral interaction (communication) occurs between employees or coworkers at the same level, such as two customer-service representatives or two assistant buyers. Invasive messaging is a fictitious term.
Write down the idea. After the meeting, ask her manager if it can be added to the agenda of a future staff meeting. Participants in a staff meeting should stick to the agenda. Since Megan's idea is new, it needs to be saved for another discussion. Speaking up during this meeting, passing notes, or whispering will all be distracting and force the staff off task during the meeting.
Reporting customer feedback. As an employee, you can help your company build positive customer relations by listening to customer feedback and reporting it to your manager or supervisor. You may not have the authority or experience to identify the business's target market, conduct market research, or make strategic planning decisions, but you can take part in the effort through your daily interactions with customers.
A promotion. A benefit to employees of being customer oriented is that their careers are advanced. Employees who regularly provide good customer service might receive promotions or raises. Promotions are one way for businesses to acknowledge and reward employees' customer-service skills. Honorarium is a payment given to a professional person for services for which fees are not required. A gratuity is a tip. A suspension is a temporary removal from a position or a job.
To sell successfully. Employees are expected to possess adequate knowledge of company products, policies, and capabilities in order to handle customers' inquiries. The main reason why it is important for employees to possess this information is to be able to sell successfully. Customers often have questions about products that employees need to answer in order to make the sale. Employees who are knowledgeable and well informed usually can sell successfully because they are able to handle customers' inquiries. Developing promotions, organizing inventory, and planning effectively usually are not the responsibilities of employees who regularly handle customers' inquiries.Impatient. Impatient customers want assistance immediately and have great difficulty waiting their turn. Dishonest customers are those who intentionally attempt to avoid paying part or all of the price for a good or service. Slow/Methodical customers require a lot of time to make a purchase because of shyness or difficulty in making a choice or buying decision. Suspicious customers question everything and may want facts and proof before being convinced something is true.
Courteous, timely. Employees should strive to resolve customers' complaints in a courteous and timely way. Employees should be courteous by being attentive, friendly, understanding, and apologetic if mistakes have been made. By remaining calm and handling problems in a timely (quick) and efficient way, employees often can satisfy difficult customers. An employee who responds in a leisurely way is more relaxed, and is not addressing the problem to resolve it quickly. This behavior can upset customers because they usually want problems resolved quickly. Employees who are tactless, reactive, and inefficient tend to offend and upset customers. Employees should follow the business's policies when resolving complaints rather than implementing their own (innovative) ideas, which may be costly to the business.
To use touch points to create positive customer experiences. The brand promise is a company's agreement (spoken or unspoken) with customers that it will consistently meet their expectations and deliver on its brand characteristics and values. To build and maintain customer relationships, a company's brand promise should strive to create positive experiences for customers—experiences that will encourage them to return to the business again and again. Companies use various touch points to create these experiences for their customers. Touch points are all of the opportunities that a company has to connect with its customers and reinforce its brand value. Touch points may include the company's employees, product attributes and packaging, and technological systems (e.g., telephone, website). A slogan (tag line) is a phrase that is easy to remember, such as "Nationwide is on your side." A trade character is a symbol that is personified (e.g., Tony the Tiger). Businesses often use slogans and trade characters as elements of their brands. Changing slogans frequently or developing different trade characters may confuse customers, which may reduce brand recognition. One reason that businesses establish certain types of policies (e.g., sales, service) is to ensure that customers are treated fairly. Establishing different policies for different customers is not treating customers fairly, and in some circumstances, these actions are illegal.
In limited supply. People cannot obtain scarce items in unlimited amounts. They may, therefore, be willing to pay more for them. Items that are readily available are in good supply. Where an item is made or whether it has been test-marketed does not always affect its scarcity.
Consumption. Consumption is the process of using goods and services. Because Eva is watching a show on the new television, she is using the good that she recently purchased. Production occurred when the television was being put together. Exchange occurred when the ownership of the television took place— when Eva paid the store, and store provided her with the television set. Distribution is the path in which the television moved from producer (television manufacturer) to the consumer (Eva).
Constants. A constant is something permanent and unchanging—like a fixed value in a mathematical formula or the speed of light in science. Layaway is a type of sale in which merchandise is removed from the sales floor and held by the business until the customer pays the outstanding balance. A good or service that's capable of satisfying wants and needs has utility. The marketing concept is based on the belief that all business activities should be aimed toward satisfying customer wants and needs.
To ration limited resources. Prices ration limited resources, goods, and services to those most willing and able to pay for them. Generally, the higher the price of anything, the less of it consumers will buy. The lower the price, the more consumers will be willing and able to buy. Market equilibrium is a situation in which demand and supply are the same. Equilibrium in the market rarely exists. Excess supply exists when supply is greater than demand. When this situation occurs, producers lower their prices to sell the excess supply. Excess demand exists when demand is greater than supply. When this situation occurs, producers raise their prices. Elimination of excess supply and demand is a continual process; neither situation is desired by both buyers and sellers.
They operate from a variety of business premises. Wholesale trade businesses are operated in a variety of types of business premises. These include distribution centers, warehouses, trucks, and offices. Traditionally, wholesale trade businesses do not sell to ultimate consumers.
Produce or provide goods/services. Every business must produce or provide goods/services. While some businesses do obtain venture capital, issue corporate bonds, or trade/sell business assets/property, not all businesses are required (or encouraged) to do so.
Market. A market economy is an economic system in which the means of production and distribution are owned and controlled by individuals and businesses. The government's role in business includes protecting private property, preserving law and order, and supporting a competitive trade environment. In socialism, competition is limited because the government owns most of the major industries. Competition is not allowed in communism because the government owns all the means of production and distribution. In a traditional economy, people produce only what they must have in order to exist.
Licenses. Licenses represent permission for a business to operate granted by a local, state, or federal government body. Monopolies occur when there is only one supplier of a product in a given industry and no substitutes are readily available. A patent is an agreement between the government and an inventor that gives the inventor exclusive rights to make, use, and sell the product for a certain period of time. Copyrights are exclusive rights given to authors, publishers, or artists to protect their ownership of literary works and/or artworks.
By paying fair salaries. Salaries and wages that workers consider to be fair contribute to the quality of work life. Employees will be more productive when they feel that their earnings are equal to or better than the earnings of others doing the same type of work. Paying fair salaries improves the general conditions in which employees work and often results in an increase in productivity. Businesses' research and development programs help to develop new products and meet customers' needs. Businesses try to operate within the guidelines of government regulations.
Affirmations. An affirmation is a positive statement about a present or desired strength; things one wants to accept, incorporate, or develop. Abilities are skills or the capacity to perform a certain task or function. Roles are parts or positions that one plays in life in response to the demands of society. Wants are things people desire.
Apply their talents where they are best used. People who use their talents are more likely to succeed in their careers. To know what their talents are, individuals must determine their personal strengths and weaknesses. For example, a very artistic person is probably going to be happier and more successful as a graphic artist than if s/he were to work as an accountant, which involves working with a lot of numerical data. While it is important for people to try to improve weaknesses (e.g., procrastination), this does not mean that they change their personalities. Improving relationships with friends is a personal goal rather than one that will help a person succeed in his/her career. Everyone experiences conflict at some time, and it cannot be eliminated.
Industriousness. Industriousness is the willingness to work, and industrious employees are very valuable to businesses. Empathy is the ability to put oneself in another person's place. Creativity is the ability to generate unique ideas, approaches, solutions, etc. Initiative is the willingness to act without having to be told to do so.
Believe in your own abilities. Self-confidence is a positive belief in your own talents, skills, and objectives. Because a confident person believes in his/her own talents and skills, s/he is not afraid to stand apart from the others, even when they disagree. And, because a confident person understands that others' ideas and opinions do not hold any more or less value that her/his own ideas and opinions, s/he does not exhibit a superior attitude. Self-confident people are thoughtful and reflective. They can admit their mistakes, and they are often willing to make necessary changes without feeling like they are “failures.” In these ways, self-confident people are flexible rather than inflexible.
Increasing their employability. Workers who take initiative may be more employable because of the recommendations they receive from previous employers and their records as good workers. They will still need to have a résumé to outline their skills and experience. Initiative does not help workers qualify for benefits or affect the minimum wage, which is set by federal law.
Goodwill. Employees' responsible behavior benefits both the employees and the business. These workers have a positive effect on customers, coworkers, and company profits because they work well individually and cooperatively. The cooperative atmosphere that results should help the company to achieve its goals if the firm provides effective leadership. Responsible employees do not generally create problems for the company. Capital is all the assets of a business.
Enjoying better personal relationships. Because people with positive attitudes tend to be cheerful, kind, considerate, and interested in others, they usually have many friends who enrich their lives. The friends they attract are likely to have positive attitudes as well, and these attitudes reinforce each other. A positive attitude doesn't guarantee fame and money. It also doesn't make you luckier or help you avoid mistakes.
Negative feedback. Negative feedback is criticism or disapproval. Susie's coworkers are expressing their criticism and disapproval of her lack of consideration and cooperation on the job. Susie's coworkers have reached negative conclusions about her behavior, but they have not said she lacks skill.
Economic. Fluctuations or "ups and downs" in the economy such as shifts in employment levels are economic changes. Shifts in the values, tastes, habits, and compositions of society are social changes. Technological changes refer to developments, breakthroughs, and other changes in the scientific applications to business objectives. Changes concerning our bodies, minds, and lifestyles are known as personal changes.
Empathy. Empathy is the ability to put yourself in another person's place. Assertiveness refers to your ability to stand up for your own rights without violating the rights of others. Enthusiasm is excitement or intense interest. Integrity is adherence to an established set of personal ethics.
Feel in control of their careers. People who are assertive feel in control of their careers because they are able to speak honestly. They do not feel as if they are putting forth all of the effort in relationships. They feel respected instead of letting people walk all over them. They have less stress because they do not worry about doing something they'd rather not do.
Importance of the relationship. Identifying who is involved in a conflict, such as a salesperson and a customer, provides insight about the nature of the relationship and its importance. Identifying who is involved in the conflict does not necessarily provide insight about personality, disagreement type, or the disagreement's core issue.
Yes, this will help your fellow team members. You should express your support for other members of the team whenever it is appropriate. This helps them and ensures your place on the team. It is also part of your role as a cooperative team member. It would be inappropriate to share praise you receive for your own work as an individual. Management should encourage the team, but fellow team members should also encourage each other by giving praise for others' good ideas and hard work.
Soliciting feedback. Achievement orientation is a drive to accomplish one's goals and to meet or exceed a high standard of success. Achievement-oriented people often want to do things better or more efficiently than they have been done in the past. To find better ways to do things, achievement-oriented people solicit feedback from others—coworkers, managers, etc. Emma is not setting goals, taking risks, or being patient.
Trust. If people trust the change leader and the change process, they will most likely not resist the change. However, many people resist change because of fear, contentment with things the way they are, or lack of confidence.
Come up with creative ideas and solutions. With a shared vision, team members are much more likely to come up with creative ideas and solutions. This is because team members understand what they're working toward. Shared vision may or may not help team members reach their personal life goals or earn raises and promotions. Shared vision usually creates more satisfied employees who are less likely to leave the organization for new jobs.
Lifestyle. Lifestyle is the way in which people lead their daily lives. Factors that affect lifestyle include spendable income, preferred recreational activities, circle of friends, and marital status. Personality is the combination of all of an individual's personal characteristics or traits. Education is the amount of learning a person has acquired. Job position is the worker's assigned duties and the level of authority that goes with the job.
Increased employee loyalty. There are many benefits of practicing effective human relations skills at work, such as increased employee loyalty. Other advantages include increased cooperation from others, increased productivity, a pleasant working environment, increased customer loyalty, and reduced employee absenteeism.
Store of value. Money serves as a store of value because it enables individuals to save or store their wealth (in the form of money) easily and compactly. Money serves as a medium of exchange when it is used to obtain goods and services. When it is used to express the value or worth of something, money serves as a unit of measure. Money can also act as an incentive. An incentive is a motivator—something that encourages individuals to behave in a particular way.
Rachel placed $250 in a savings account and accumulated $12.50 in interest. The time value of money is the difference between the money's current purchasing power in relation to its purchasing power at a future date. Because Rachel placed her money in an interest-earning account, her money is worth $12.50 more than it was last year. Buying a phone, the amount of annual income allocated for expenses, and property taxes paid do not indicate the future value of a set amount of money.
Installment. These credit accounts are set up to handle a specific sum of money for one purchase. Payments are made by the borrower at regular intervals for a specific time period. Customers must usually pay a finance charge or interest for the privilege of using this kind of credit. Budget credit accounts are usually short term. A revolving charge could only be used to purchase the television if the price didn't exceed the customer's credit limit. With regular credit accounts, the person or business is expected to pay the entire amount due, usually at the end of 30 days.
Return to the place of purchase. Most merchants are eager to work with customers to resolve disputes about sales. This is also the remedy that consumes the least amount of time. If the dispute is not resolved, his next step should be to contact company headquarters and speak to someone there. If the dispute is still not resolved, then he should seek a third party to arbitrate the situation. If all of these steps fail, he should take legal action against the home-improvement store.
Retirement. People save for retirement to have money to cover their expenses when they reach retirement age and are no longer working. Emily might be able to borrow money from her retirement fund to help cover educational expenses or to start a business, which depends on the type of fund and government regulations. Borrowing from a retirement account might involve fees and high interest rates, so it is often better to set up a fund specifically for education or to borrow money from a financial institution or angel investor to start a business. A will is a legal document that designates the ways in which an individual's estate is to be distributed upon his/her death.
Track and record his expenses. Realistic personal budgets involve two important considerations—income (money Marcel receives) and expenses (money Marcel spends). It is important for Marcel to track his expenses because he needs to make sure that he has enough income to pay for his bills (e.g., rent, utilities, car). To track his spending, Marcel should record his expenses in a central location so he can see bill amounts and bill due dates. Recording and keeping receipts is also important for tax reporting purposes and for tax auditing situations. Developing a realistic budget does not always involve verifying a past credit rating or consulting with a bookkeeper. Marcel should develop a budget that will support his ability to pay his bills on time.
Amount due on an inheritance. A tax liability is a debt, or the total amount of tax an individual owes. There are many types of taxes, and one of them is an inheritance tax. When individuals receive an inheritance, they usually have to pay tax on at least a portion of the inheritance based on the amount of the inheritance. The inheritance tax is a debt that individuals must pay when they receive an inheritance. Deductions for a charitable contribution, interest paid on a mortgage, and the value of an exemption reduce the tax liability on the amount of income that a person earns.
Restrictive. Banks require checks to be endorsed before processing. Endorsement involves signing the back of the check, which allows the funds to be transferred from the check source to the payee. There are different types of endorsements. A restrictive endorsement limits how the check can be processed. In the example, the check can only be deposited to the endorser's (Maria) specified account. The check cannot be cashed or placed into another account. A general endorsement allows the endorser to cash the check or deposit it into the account of his/her choice—there are no restrictions placed on the funds transfer. Open and congruent endorsements are fictitious terms.
You know how much money is actually available to you without waiting. When you record your deposits and withdrawals immediately in your check register, you know exactly how much money you have available. If you rely only on your online bank account activity, some transactions won't show up immediately, and you may end up thinking you have more money than you do. A physical check register also gives you the benefit of being able to balance your check book and make sure the bank hasn't made any errors with your money. A physical check register takes more time to maintain than just relying on your online bank information, but it's time well spent! You don't use a check register to keep track of credit card transactions (although you do want to make sure you record your monthly payments to the credit card company). Though there may be errors on online bank statements, they are usually accurate. It's still important to maintain a check register, so you'll know if any mistakes do happen.
The wise use of credit. Credit is the arrangement by which individuals can purchase now and pay later. Many individuals have credit cards because the cards allow them to pay for purchases without using cash. Then, they receive statements on a monthly basis indicating the amount due. If individuals charge only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month, they are using credit wisely. By paying in full, they avoid interest charges which may be high and significantly increase the cost of the purchases. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month will not necessarily help individuals save money for the future. Charging only the amount they can afford to pay in full every month is not a way to avoid identity theft or an example of making a cash transaction.
Deduct allowable expenses. Form 1040 is the longest version of the tax forms. However, there are benefits to using this form depending on an individual's situation. If an individual has a lot of allowable expenses that are deductible, the individual often can reduce the amount of tax that is owed. These deductions must total more than the standard deduction in order to save money on taxes. For example, if the standard deduction is $8,000 but the individual has allowable deductions of $12,000, it is to the individual's benefit to use Form 1040 to claim the higher deduction. Using Form 1040 does not speed up the refund process or enable individuals to estimate tax payments. Individuals use Form 1040 to itemize deductions rather than to claim the standard deduction.
Obtain referrals from trusted friends. When seeking a financial planner, Mark should find someone that can be trusted with confidential information, and he can trust his friends to steer him in the right direction. Searching online is not a good place to start because Mark is unlikely to find someone to whom he can entrust a portion of his financial future. He should interview potential candidates after he has obtained referrals. Mark does not need to contact his bank, though he can if he thinks the bank staff will refer him to a trustworthy financial planner.
Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, and bonds. Investments in which individuals allow borrowers to use their money for a period of time for a specified fee or rate of interest are lending investments. Money market accounts, certificates of deposit, bonds, and savings accounts are types of lending investments. Investments in which individuals purchase a portion or all of an item are called ownership investments. Collectibles, stocks, and real estate are types of ownership investments.
User-friendly. An accounting system is the methods and procedures that a business uses in handling its financial information. An efficient accounting system allows the business to retrieve the information it needs quickly and easily. Because most companies use computer-based accounting systems to help them store, track, and retrieve important financial data, it is important for the accounting system's software to be user-friendly, easy to use, and easy to operate. Most companies do not want a lot of people to have access to their financial data, so it is important to keep it secure and accessible for those who need and use the information. Accounting systems require some type of maintenance because people must continuously update the information. Accounting systems do not produce results for the business—they simply store information in an organized way.
In line with organizational priorities. The finance function ensures that the company's financial goals are in line with organizational priorities. It is not the responsibility of the finance department to get an “okay” from the marketing department or to check with production when it comes to financial goals. Financial goals are not always easy to accomplish.
Coworkers. A new employee's coworkers often are instrumental in orienting that employee by answering routine questions. Coworkers are able to explain the day-to-day activities on the job and answer general questions about where supplies are kept and when to take breaks. Coworkers help new employees to feel a part of the group and make them comfortable with their new surroundings. Top-level managers may welcome new employees on their first day but usually do not have direct contact with them while they learn their jobs. Recruiters help to locate and hire new employees but do not participate in orientation. The human resources staff usually helps new employees fill out necessary paperwork but may not be involved in orienting them to their specific jobs.
Offer products that consumers want to buy. Businesses that implement the customer-orientation element of the marketing concept base their decision making on customer wants and needs. They determine what customers want and offer that, rather than deciding on their own what they want to sell. Promotional activities help the business to persuade customers to buy. Providing more products than consumers need would not benefit a business. Having a customer orientation does not coordinate a business's marketing activities.
Information that is needed. Information is a collection of facts, statistics, or data. Before businesses can use the information, they must determine the type of information that is needed. For example, does a business need economic data because it wants to expand, or does it need marketing data because it wants to attract new customers? The business must decide the type of information it needs before it can obtain and use that data. Businesses do not need to determine the type of computer system to purchase, the type of report that is required, or the type of collection process to develop before using relevant data.
Quality of information. For information to be useful, it must be accurate and current. Therefore, businesses evaluate the quality of information they obtain to determine if it is relevant to the issue, accurate, and current. Information that is out-of-date or that includes errors will not help the business. The business might make poor decisions based on information that is of low quality. Businesses do not evaluate the research procedure, type of statistics, or hardware application to determine if data are accurate and current.
Storyboard. A storyboard contains a series of illustrations and text that outline the commercial's key scenes in sequential order. A storyboard is a visual aid that helps the advertising agency communicate the commercial idea and content to the client. A memo is a short, written message that communicates information to employees within the business. A sales letter is a written message that is sent to potential buyers to persuade them to buy the business's products. A catalog is a collection of graphics and text that communicates information about the business's products.
Computer systems. Computer systems consist of the hardware and software components that enable computers to function. One of their purposes is to store information for future use. Scanners are input devices that can read text or illustrations on paper and translate the information into a form the computer can use. The scanner, itself, does not store information, but enables computers to store it. Display screens, or monitors, display the characters being keyed into the computer; they are not storage devices. Firewalls protect a business's computer system from the unauthorized use by others (e.g., hackers).
Paper forms. Technological innovation is greatly reducing the need for paper forms because much of the information that previously was stored and transmitted on paper is now being sent by computer. Businesses often send e-mails rather than letters or printed documents. Various types of disks store vast amounts of data that once were housed in file cabinets. Computerized invoices enable businesses to send bills and receive payment without the need for printed forms. As technology continues to advance, the need for paper forms will continue to decrease. Technological innovation has increased the use of skilled workers. Technological innovation has not decreased the use of phone systems for all businesses and has increased the use of electronic mail for most businesses.
Multitasking. The computer's operating system consists of the components needed to run all of the computer applications and programs. When the operating system allows the user to open and use more than one software program at a time, it has multitasking abilities. An operating system that allows more than one user to access a particular program at one time has multi-user capabilities. An operating system that allows several central processing units (computers) to access a single program has multiprocessing capabilities. Multithreading capabilities allow different components of one computer program to run at the same time.
Worldwide. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that enables users to access information and communicate with others. Its scope is worldwide rather than regional because it is available to anyone who has access to a computer that has connectivity. Certain elements of the Internet are secure; however, that does not affect the scope. The Internet is not proprietary.
Portable. Blackberries and iPhones have many useful applications including wireless telephone and Internet access, GPS functions, and digital camera capabilities. Businesspeople can use the portable devices to conduct many business activities while they are away from their offices, such as checking and answering e-mail; making and retrieving telephone calls; verifying inventory availability; placing orders for customers; scheduling meetings, etc. The advantage to these devices is that they are small and portable—they can be taken virtually anywhere. The devices and the fees to use their applications can be expensive, depending on the service plan the user purchases. Blackberries and iPhones are not indestructible and may break if they are misused. People, rather than technical devices, are responsible.
Uniform Resource Locator. An address on the World Wide Web is known as a Uniform Resource Locator (URL). A URL includes the name of the server where the website's files are stored, the file's directory path, and its file name. An example of a URL is http://www.mbaresearch.org. A File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a way of transferring data from one computer to another over the Internet. An Internet Service Provider (ISP) is a commercial company selling Internet access. A Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) is a standard format for image files on the World Wide Web.
Templates. The template feature of presentation software allows the user to enter information into a set of standardized slides that all have a similar look. The wizard uses already prepared slide shows to suggest content. Blank slides allow the user to prepare the presentation from scratch. The premade slides would be considered part of the wizard.
Sales are expected to increase by 5%. Spreadsheet software programs allow businesses to use a computer to perform accounting and other financial calculations. An advantage of using a spreadsheet program is that a business can make various assumptions about sales and find out quickly what effect they will have on its financial situation. For example, a business could change the level of sales by different percentages, such as 5% or 10%, to find out the effect that would have on net income. The spreadsheet program automatically does the calculations. Although keeping appointments might lead to sales, a salesperson would be more likely to use a personal digital assistant (PDA) to track appointments rather than a spreadsheet program. Mailing labels are generated with database programs. Database programs are also used to track customers' purchases.
Productivity. Productivity is the amount of work employees perform in a given time period. Collaborative computer software allows many employees to access the same business information. Some applications, such as e-mail, allow employees to instantly transmit messages and business documents to coworkers who are traveling or working in other facilities, which can facilitate a quick response. Quick responses can increase an employee's productivity because the employee can take immediate action and then proceed to work on other tasks. Collaborative computer software does not necessarily increase an employee's independence or motivation because other factors can affect a person's independence (e.g., type of job) and motivation. The business, rather than its employees, receives the profit that might result from increases in the employees' productivity.
Protect employees from injury and illness. The purpose of health and safety regulations is to ensure that businesses take steps to prevent employees from injury and illness while on the job. The government might require businesses to ensure that employees handle hazardous chemicals in specific ways. Or, the government might require that certain types of businesses provide employees with special clothing or protective gear when they are working with dangerous equipment. Businesses that do not comply with health and safety regulations risk the employees' well-being, and could face government fines and/or civil lawsuits if employees become ill or are seriously injured while at work. Some jobs are dangerous by nature, so it isn't possible to eliminate all danger while at work. Workplace health and safety regulations do not reduce the risk of monopolistic conditions, which are situations that reduce economic competition.
Avoid serious injury. Machinery can be dangerous to operate, so it is important for businesses to ensure that the employees who operate the machinery follow instructions. If the machinery is not handled appropriately, employees could be seriously injured and the machinery could be damaged, which can be very costly to businesses. Following instructions will not eliminate all problems, stop all malfunctions from occurring, or reduce production conflicts.
Horseplay. Horseplay is behavior such as running, jumping, wrestling, or showing off. Carl was more interested in showing off than in doing his job safely. This type of incident would be included in an employee's performance evaluation. Stress is a mental or emotional feeling of pressure or tension. Fatigue is a state of mental or physical tiredness. Strain is an injury to muscles or tendons caused by stretching or overexerting.
Practice good housekeeping. Poor housekeeping is a frequent cause of all kinds of accidents. By simply keeping the workplace clean and tidy, employees can prevent slipping in puddles or tripping and falling over objects. The purchase of workers' compensation insurance guarantees payment of wages and medical expenses to employees injured on the job. It is impossible to eliminate human error, which is the cause of many accidents. Posting emergency numbers would aid in calling for help when an accident occurs.
Police department. To take appropriate action during an emergency, an employee must determine what the problem is. Because the safe was open, the office was in disarray, and a computer was missing, the business was probably robbed. In case the robber is still in the building, Josh should leave the business immediately and seek a safe environment. Then, following company procedures, Josh should notify his supervisor or the local law enforcement authorities (police). Josh should call the fire department if a fire occurs. The local health department handles issues associated with health risks. The owner should file a claim with the business's insurance company after the robbery has been reported to the appropriate law- enforcement authorities.
Log out of his/her computer when leaving work. One way that an individual employee can help protect company information on a daily basis is to log out of his/her computer when leaving work for lunch or for the evening. By doing so, it becomes much more difficult for an intruder to access company information on that particular computer. However, if the employee also stores her/his log-in information (i.e., username and password) in a desk drawer at work, that very same intruder can easily access company data if s/he has time and opportunity to look in the drawers of the desk. Checking personal e-mail on a work computer and transferring files from a home computer to a work computer are potentially dangerous. They make the computer vulnerable to hackers' attacks and electronic viruses which could result in the loss of company information.
Decentralized purchasing structure. A decentralized structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are distributed among many departments and individuals. Centralized purchasing structure is a way of organizing purchasing in which responsibility and authority are held in one department and/or by a few individuals. Concentrated buying strategy is a tactic of purchasing from only a few suppliers that is used to gain more favorable prices and better relations. Dispersed buying strategy is a tactic of purchasing from many vendors, which can lead to merchandise variety, alternate sources of supply, and competition between sources.
Mass production. Mass production is the production of a product in large quantities. The factors involved in mass production include division of labor, assembly lines, standardized parts, mechanization, and automation. Specialization is the process of making the best use of resources in the production of goods and services. Job simplification is the process of making changes in a job task so that the job can be done more easily or quickly.
Keeping you from delaying group efforts. Getting your own work done in a timely fashion keeps you from causing coworkers frustration by not delaying any group efforts. Being organized can help to prevent you from feeling overwhelmed, help you to earn raises and promotions, and help you to work at a relaxed pace; but none of these benefits would help maintain good relations with coworkers.
Clarifies the goals. Writing out your goals helps you to clarify them. It makes the goals real, and it also serves as a reminder. Writing out your goals does not make the goals attainable or provide a challenge. Perseverance is the ability to keep at something until it is finished, and you must develop that on your own.
Intuitive. Intuition is a gut feeling. The intuitive approach to problem solving still requires you to do your homework and gather all the information about the problem, but the analysis step is different. Instead of examining the information, going over and over it, and making meaning of it, intuitive problem solvers simply wait. They may set the problem aside or sleep on it. While they go about their daily business, their subconscious mind is at work. The solution to the problem appears in the form of an intuitive flash or a hunch, and it feels right. Mind mapping is a problem-solving method that involves drawing out your problem on a large sheet of paper. Brainstorming is a problem-solving method in which a group throws out possible solutions to the problem. Reverse brainstorming is a problem-solving method that requires you to think of ways to make the problem worse. None of these three methods is described in this situation.
You can learn as much from your failures as from your successes. Both your failures and your successes tell you things about yourself. You should pay attention not only to what you do well but to what you do less well. Self-understanding and self-information are not the same. You need self-information in order to develop self-understanding. There are tests available that will help you to identify your interests. Choosing a career should not be based only on your current skills and talents but also on your interests and abilities.
Rights. Workers have rights in the workplace, and one of these is the right to join a labor union. In many types of businesses, labor unions represent the workers and negotiate with management for their compensation and working conditions. If workers are employed in businesses that are not currently unionized, they have the right to form a union. In many situations, workers also have the right not to join a labor union. Joining a labor union is not considered a benefit, goal, or reward.
Guidance counselor. Most schools have guidance counselors on staff who help students obtain career information and give them advice about possible occupations. Guidance counselors maintain current information about various types of jobs and can help students locate information that is not available at school. Guidance counselors often keep in touch with local employers and provide students with information about current job openings in the community. Industry recruiters may visit schools occasionally to recruit for specific occupations. The school's admissions director and curriculum planner are not sources of career information.
Optimism. Successful entrepreneurs possess an optimistic attitude. An optimistic person has a positive outlook on life, and looks for the opportunities to grow, even when s/he experiences challenges and setbacks. Organizational skills involve developing and executing processes or activities in a systematic way. Innovation is the process or ability to develop a new product, process, position, or paradigm. Determination is the drive or willpower to achieve a goal.
Accepted another position. The section of an employment application that requests information about previous employment often asks the reason for leaving a former job. Accepting a position with another business is an appropriate reason for changing jobs. Returned to school or seasonal position only are other acceptable reasons for leaving. Job applicants should never give reasons that are critical of a former employer or indicate that the applicants will not be good employees. Never received a promotion, problems with management, and demanding employer are inappropriate responses.
What are the benefits? Clark should avoid asking the potential employer about the salary and benefits during the initial interview. If the employer fails to bring up the subject, Clark should wait until he is offered the job to ask. The other alternatives are acceptable questions for Clark to ask during the interview.
Follow-up letter. After a job interview, it is important to send a follow-up letter to the interviewer. The letter thanks the interviewer for his/her time and reinforces the applicant's interest in the position. Also, a function of a follow-up letter is to offer to provide additional information. In some situations, an interviewer may decide that more information is necessary to make a hiring decision and will contact the applicants who have indicated that they are willing to provide that information. It is more appropriate to send a follow-up letter than to place a telephone call after a job interview. The job applicant should not send a handwritten note. E-mail letters are becoming more common after job interviews, but they do not ask questions, which would require the interviewer to respond.
Yes, the résumé can state that references will be provided upon request. This statement is often made at the end of the résumé where the references would customarily be listed. It indicates that the job applicant has references available and that s/he will provide their names, telephone numbers, and addresses if asked to do so. This is acceptable business practice since the employer does not need the names unless s/he is considering hiring the applicant. A résumé is complete if it contains all other necessary information and either a list of references or the promise of them.
Jobs of the future. Employees will experience many changes in technology throughout their careers. In order to be prepared for the jobs that new technology will create, employees need to continue their education. Technology will eliminate some jobs in the future and change the way some jobs are performed. Employees will need to keep up with the new developments by continuing their education and learning new skills. Those employees who do not continue their education might find themselves without jobs because they have not adapted to a new work environment. Employees do not continue their education in order to be prepared for life after retirement, changes in lifestyle, or adjustments in pay. However, continuing their education often helps employees to improve their lifestyle by increasing their pay.
Ensures that the daily activities are carried out. First-line managers work directly with the employees who carry out the business's routine work. They are responsible for ensuring that the employees perform their work accurately and efficiently. Top-level managers set the organization's goals and make decisions about the overall business, such as determining if it is feasible to enter new markets. Middle-level managers develop tactical or short-term plans to carry out the executive (top-level) management's strategic plans.